Edition

IN

  * [IN](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/)
  * [US](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/us)

delhi27Â°C

[Read ePaper](https://epaper.indiatimes.com/timesepaper/publication-the-times-
of-india,city-delhi.cms?redirectionSource=TOIWeb)

[SUBSCRIBE TO
TOI+](https://buy.indiatimes.com/TOI/plans?product=TOI&productCode=TOIPLUS&plt=TOI&grxId=4e2793b9-d9d6-4237-bb23-b0430c0ddb69&acqSubSource=TOIWeb&ru=https%3A%2F%2Ftimesofindia.indiatimes.com%2Ftopic%2Flist)

Sign In

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/TimesofIndia/ "Facebook")
  * [](https://twitter.com/timesofindia "Twitter")
  * [](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/rss.cms "RSS")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/timesofindia "YouTube")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/timesofindia/ "YouTube")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/timesofindia/ "YouTube")

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/79638690.cms)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com)

## [TOI](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com "News")

  * [Elections 2024](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections)

[Elections](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections)

[Karnataka](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections/assembly-
elections/karnataka)

[Tripura](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections/assembly-
elections/tripura)

[Meghalaya](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections/assembly-
elections/meghalaya)

[Nagaland](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/elections/assembly-
elections/nagaland)

  * [Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos)

[Top](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/top-videos)

[Trending](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/trending-videos)

[Entertainment](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/entertainment)

[Astrology](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/astrology)

[TOI originals](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/toi-originals)

[India](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/news)

[Viral](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/viral-videos)

[TOI in-Depth](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/toi-in-depth)

[Times Property](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/times-property)

[humour](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/humour)

[city](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/city)

[Internal](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/international)

[Sports](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/sports)

[Business](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/business)

[Health](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/lifestyle/health-tips-
videos)

[TV](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tv)

[Lifestyle](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/lifestyle)

[Beauty Pageants](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/beauty-pageants)

[Filmfare](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/filmfare)

[Food](https://recipes.timesofindia.com/videos/videolist/52254947.cms)

[Tech](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tech)

[Auto](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/auto)

[Music](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/entertainment/music)

[Filmfare](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/motion-graphics)

[Events](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/entertainment/events/mumbai)

[Regional](https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/video/videolist/4901865.cms)

[Education](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/education)

[Olympics 2021](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/sports/tokyo-
olympics-2021)

  * [City](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city)

#### Metro Cities

    * [mumbai](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai)
    * [delhi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi)
    * [bengaluru](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bangalore)
    * [Hyderabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad)
    * [kolkata](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kolkata)
    * [chennai](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chennai)

#### Other Cities

    * [agra](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/agra)
    * [agartala](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/agartala)
    * [ahmedabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad)
    * [ajmer](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ajmer)
    * [allahabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/allahabad)
    * [amaravati](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/amaravati)
    * [amritsar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/amritsar)
    * [aurangabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/aurangabad)
    * [bareilly](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bareilly)
    * [bhubaneswar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bhubaneswar)
    * [bhopal](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bhopal)
    * [chandigarh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh)
    * [coimbatore](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/coimbatore)
    * [cuttack](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/cuttack)
    * [dehradun](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/dehradun)
    * [erode](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/erode)
    * [faridabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/faridabad)
    * [ghaziabad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ghaziabad)
    * [goa](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/goa)
    * [gurgaon](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/gurgaon)
    * [guwahati](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/guwahati)
    * [hubballi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hubli)
    * [imphal](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/imphal)
    * [indore](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/indore)
    * [itanagar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/itanagar)
    * [jaipur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/jaipur)
    * [jammu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/jammu)
    * [jamshedpur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/jamshedpur)
    * [jodhpur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/jodhpur)
    * [kanpur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kanpur)
    * [kochi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kochi)
    * [kohima](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kohima)
    * [kolhapur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kolhapur)
    * [kozhikode](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kozhikode)
    * [ludhiana](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ludhiana)
    * [lucknow](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow)
    * [madurai](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/madurai)
    * [mangaluru](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mangalore)
    * [meerut](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/meerut)
    * [mumbai region](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai)
    * [mysuru](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mysore)
    * [nagpur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nagpur)
    * [nashik](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nashik)
    * [navi mumbai](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/navi-mumbai)
    * [noida](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/noida)
    * [patna](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/patna)
    * [puducherry](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/puducherry)
    * [pune](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/pune)
    * [raipur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/raipur)
    * [rajkot](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/rajkot)
    * [ranchi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ranchi)
    * [thane](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/thane)
    * [salem](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/salem)
    * [shillong](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/shillong)
    * [shimla](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/shimla)
    * [srinagar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/srinagar)
    * [surat](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/surat)
    * [trichy](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/trichy)
    * [thiruvananthapuram](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/thiruvananthapuram)
    * [udaipur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/udaipur)
    * [vadodara](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/vadodara)
    * [varanasi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/varanasi)
    * [vijayawada](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/vijayawada)
    * [visakhapatnam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/visakhapatnam)
    * [photos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/photos)
    * [Web Stories](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/web-stories)

  * [India](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india)

    * [featured](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india)
    * [coronavirus](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/coronavirus)
    * [opinions and features](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/opinions-and-features)
    * [Times Evoke](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/times-evoke)
    * [Maharashtra](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/maharashtra)
    * [Delhi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/delhi)
    * [Karnataka](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/karnataka)
    * [Tamil Nadu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/tamil-nadu)
    * [Telangana](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/telangana)
    * [Uttar Pradesh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/uttar-pradesh)
    * [West Bengal](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/west-bengal)
    * [Gujarat](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/gujarat)
    * [Madhya Pradesh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/madhya-pradesh)
    * [Bihar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/bihar)
    * [Chandigarh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/chandigarh)
    * [Rajasthan](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/rajasthan)
    * [Arunachal Pradesh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/arunachal-pradesh)
    * [Andhra Pradesh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/andhra-pradesh)
    * [Assam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/assam)
    * [Chhattisgarh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/chhattisgarh)
    * [Goa](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/goa)
    * [Haryana](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/haryana)
    * [Himachal Pradesh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/himachal-pradesh)
    * [Jammu Kashmir](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/jammu-and-kashmir)
    * [Jharkhand](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/jharkhand)
    * [Kerala](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/kerala)
    * [Manipur](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/manipur)
    * [Meghalaya](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/meghalaya)
    * [Mizoram](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/mizoram)
    * [Nagaland](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/nagaland)
    * [Odisha](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/orissa)
    * [Punjab](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/punjab)
    * [Sikkim](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/sikkim)
    * [Tripura](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/tripura)
    * [Uttarakhand](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/uttarakhand)
    * [Andaman Nicobar Islands](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/andaman-and-nicobar-islands)
    * [Dadra Nagar Haveli](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/dadra-and-nagar-haveli)
    * [Daman Diu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/daman-and-diu)
    * [Lakshadweep](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/lakshadweep)
    * [Pondicherry](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/pondicherry)
    * [Web Stories](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/web-stories)

  * [World](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world)

[world](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world)

[US](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us)

[Pakistan](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/pakistan)

[South Asia](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/south-asia)

[UK](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/uk)

[Europe](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe)

[China](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/china)

[Middle East](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east)

[Rest of World](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world)

[Mad, Mad World](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/mad-mad-World)

[Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/news/world)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/international)

[Web Stories](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/web-stories)

  * [Business](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business)

[Business](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business)

[India Business](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business)

[International
Business](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/international-business)

[Cryptocurrency](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/cryptocurrency)

[Financial
Calculators](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/financial-
calculators)

[Budget 2023](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/budget)

[Markets](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/stock-market)

[Wealth](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/personal-finance)

[Sensex](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/sensex)

[Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/news/business)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/business)

[GST](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/gst)

[Startups](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/startups)

[Tax Calculator](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/tax-calculator)

[Banking](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/banking)

[FAQs](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/faqs)

[Web Stories](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/web-stories)

  * [Tech](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Gadgets News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/gadgets-news)

[Tech News](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/tech-
news?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Gadgets](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/mobile-
phones?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Reviews](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/reviews?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Top Gadgets](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/top-
gadgets?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Slideshow](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/slideshows?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Videos](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/videos?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[How to](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/how-
to?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

[Featured](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/featured?utm_source=toiweb&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=toiweb_hptopnav)

  * [Cricket](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket)

  * [Sports](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports)

[sports](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports)

[Cricket](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket)

[WPL 2023](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/wpl)

[IPL](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/ipl)

[Football](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/football)

[Badminton](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/badminton)

[Hockey](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/hockey)

[Tennis](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/tennis)

[Racing](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/racing)

[Athletics](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-sports/athletics)

[Shooting](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-sports/shooting)

[Volleyball](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/volleyball)

[Chess](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/chess)

[WWE](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/wwe)

[Boxing](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/boxing/articlelist/3413166.cms)

[Golf](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/golf)

[Snooker/Billiards](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-
sports/snooker/billiards)

[Cycling](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-sports/cycling)

[Wrestling](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-sports/wrestling)

[others](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/more-sports/others)

[Web Stories](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/web-stories)

  * [Entertainment](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes)

[Entertainment](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes)

[Hindi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi)

[English](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/english)

[Tamil](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/tamil)

[Telugu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/telugu)

[Malayalam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/malayalam)

[Kannada](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/kannada)

[Bengali](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/bengali)

[Punjabi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/punjabi)

[Marathi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/marathi)

[Bhojpuri](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/bhojpuri)

[Gujarati](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/gujarati)

[Movie Reviews](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/movie-
reviews)

[Music](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/music)

[Beauty Pageants](https://beautypageants.indiatimes.com/)

[Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/entertainment)

  * [Auto](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/auto)

  * [TV](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/hindi)

[TV](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/hindi)

[TV News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/news/hindi)

[Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/tv)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tv)

[Hindi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/hindi)

[English](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/english)

[Tamil](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/tamil)

[Telugu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/telugu)

[Malayalam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/malayalam)

[Kannada](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/kannada)

[Marathi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/marathi)

[Bengali](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/bengali)

  * [Web Series](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/web-series/reviews)

[Reviews](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/web-series/reviews)

[MX Player](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/web-series/mx-player)

  * [Life & Style](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style)

[Relationships](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/relationships)

[Health & Fitness](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-
fitness)

[Coronavirus](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-
fitness/coronavirus)

[Parenting](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/parenting)

[Beauty](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/beauty)

[Spotlight](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/spotlight)

[Recipes](https://recipes.timesofindia.com)

[Food News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news)

[Travel](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/travel)

[Books](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/books)

[Home & Garden](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/home-garden)

[Fashion](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/fashion)

[Events](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/events)

[Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/lifestyle)

[Religion](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/religion)

[Astrology](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/astrology)

  * [Education](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education)

[News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/news)

[Jobs](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/jobs)

[Board Exams](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/board-exams)

[Entrance Exam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/entrance-
exams)

[Exam Results](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/exam-results)

[Admission](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/admissions)

[CBSE](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/cbse)

[Times Study Abroad](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/times-
study-abroad)

[Videos](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/education)

[MBA](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/mba)

  *  __

    * [Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com)
    * [Blogs](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/?utm_source=TOInewHP_TILwidget&utm_medium=NavLi&utm_campaign=TOInewHP)

 __Trending

  * [Navdeep Singh](/topic/navdeep-singh)
  * [Rishabh Pant](/topic/rishabh-pant)
  * [Allan Lichtman](/topic/allan-lichtman)
  * [Kolkata Doctor Rape Case](/topic/kolkata-doctor-rape-case)
  * [Prince Harry](/topic/prince-harry)

  * [News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/)
  * [Topic](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/list)

 ____

You have searched for

# list

, Showing 314318 results

[All(314318)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/list)[Articles(311209)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/list/news)[Videos(1406)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/list/videos)[Photos(1703)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/list/photos)

__

## list News

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113082894,width-300,resizemode-4/113082894.jpg)
NEET PG Merit _list_ for AIQ quota 2024 out: Check result PDF, cut off and
other details TOI Education / Sep 05, 2024, 10:53 (IST) The National Board of
Examinations (NBE) has released the NEET-PG 2024 merit _list_ for All India
50% quota seats, covering MD, MS, PG Diploma, Post MBBS DNB, Direct 6-year
DrNB, and NBEMS Diploma programs. The exam was held on August 11, 2024, with
results announced on August 23. Eligible candidates can access the merit
_list_ on the official NBEMS and NEET-PG websites. The NEET PG AIQ scorecards
are set to be released on September 10, 2024. Candidates should check the
official website for counseling details and updates.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/neet-pg-merit-list-for-
aiq-quota-2024-out-check-result-pdf-cut-off-and-other-
details/articleshow/113082894.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113013638,width-300,resizemode-4/113013638.jpg)
Festivals in September 2024: Check Updated _list_ of monthly fast and
festivals TOI Religion / Sep 03, 2024, 15:08 (IST) September 2024 features
numerous significant Indian festivals including Ganesh Chaturthi on September
7, Radha Ashtami on September 11, and Vishwakarma Puja on September 16. The
month also sees the commencement of Shradha rituals from September 18, where
people honor their ancestors with devotion and seek their blessings. Let's
have a look on September's fast and festival's _list_ ââ so that you can block
your days and dates according to that:
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/religion/festivals/festivals-in-
september-2024-check-updated-list-of-monthly-fast-and-
festivals/articleshow/113013638.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113161325,width-300,resizemode-4/113161325.jpg)
DU NCWEB admission 2024 third cut-off _list_ released: Check details here TOI
Education / Sep 08, 2024, 09:44 (IST) The Non-Collegiate Womenâs Education
Board of Delhi University (DU NCWEB) has issued the 3rd cut-off _list_ for the
admissions to BA and BCom courses. Students can visit the official website of
NCWEB or DU to check and third cut-off _list_ 2024\. As per the details, the
admission process has already begun.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/du-ncweb-
admission-2024-third-cut-off-list-released-check-details-
here/articleshow/113161325.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113098267,width-300,resizemode-4/113098267.jpg)
Gujarat NEET UG counselling: Revised provisional merit _list_ 2024 out, check
direct link here TOI Education / Sep 05, 2024, 18:13 (IST) The Admission
Committee for Professional Under Graduate Medical Courses (ACPUGMEC) has
published the Gujarat NEET UG counselling revised provisional _list_ for 2024
on its official website. Registered candidates can view and download the
_list_ by visiting medadmgujarat.org, selecting the Medical and Dental option,
and following the provided steps. For ongoing updates, applicants should
regularly check the official site.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/gujarat-neet-ug-
counselling-revised-provisional-merit-list-2024-out-check-direct-link-
here/articleshow/113098267.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112985910,width-300,resizemode-4/112985910.jpg)
SME IPO frenzy! Manic interest from retail investors, but hereâs why you need
to exercise caution TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Sep 02, 2024, 12:37 (IST) SME IPOs are
attracting a surge of retail investors, with the average number of applicants
skyrocketing to 219,000 in FY25. _list_ ing gains make these IPOs highly
appealing, but Sebi has issued advisories urging caution.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/sme-ipo-frenzy-
manic-interest-from-retail-investors-but-heres-why-you-need-to-exercise-
caution/articleshow/112985910.cms)

You May Like

[](https://intellipaat.com/online-mtech-applied-ai-
vnit/?utm_source=Taboola&utm_medium=Native&utm_term=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&&utm_campaign=Taboola-Desktop-Pan-
IN&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDMrlUoqsP_hZiqwus-
MN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDMrlUoqsP_hZiqwus-
MN2AZA)[M.Tech in Applied AI from VNIT, NagpurGet VNIT Nagpur Alumni status.
Live Classes from VNIT Faculty & ExpertsIntellipaatLearn
More](https://intellipaat.com/online-mtech-applied-ai-
vnit/?utm_source=Taboola&utm_medium=Native&utm_term=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&&utm_campaign=Taboola-Desktop-Pan-
IN&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDMrlUoqsP_hZiqwus-
MN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDMrlUoqsP_hZiqwus-
MN2AZA "M.Tech in Applied AI from VNIT, Nagpur")

Undo

[](https://www.millcanyonroad.com/nychotels?utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviCgpmEows3s1Y6VmMsGMN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviCgpmEows3s1Y6VmMsGMN2AZA)[NYC Hotel Smartphone Booking | Bookmark Now! | New York City Hotel Booking |New York City Hotels Smartphone Booking on the Go | NYC Hotels Smartphone Booking Last Minute Reservations | Find Flights | Car Rentals | Travel Reservations | Hotel Booking | | #smartphonebooking #nychotelsMill Canyon RoadClick Here](https://www.millcanyonroad.com/nychotels?utm_source=taboola&utm_medium=referral&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviCgpmEows3s1Y6VmMsGMN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviCgpmEows3s1Y6VmMsGMN2AZA "NYC Hotel Smartphone Booking |Â Bookmark Now! |Â New York City Hotel Booking |")

Undo

[](https://y2mate.art/the-20-most-beautiful-female-celebrities-over-30-in-the-
world/?utm_source=Desktop-Y2M-india1-SmartBid-desktop-20beauty-celebrities-
over30-2024-09-09+21%3A42%3A29&utm_medium=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_term=The+20+most+beautiful+female+celebrities+over+30+in+the+world&utm_campaign=Y2M-india1-SmartBid-
desktop-20beauty-celebrities-
over30&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDIzVQoxuCs-p6QicdgMN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDIzVQoxuCs-p6QicdgMN2AZA)[The
20 most beautiful female celebrities over 30 in the worldy2mateRead
More](https://y2mate.art/the-20-most-beautiful-female-celebrities-over-30-in-
the-world/?utm_source=Desktop-Y2M-india1-SmartBid-desktop-20beauty-
celebrities-over30-2024-09-09+21%3A42%3A29&utm_medium=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_term=The+20+most+beautiful+female+celebrities+over+30+in+the+world&utm_campaign=Y2M-india1-SmartBid-
desktop-20beauty-celebrities-
over30&tblci=GiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDIzVQoxuCs-p6QicdgMN2AZA#tblciGiCrjsAqx9_jQaIYENEXmwwcX2v-uRj1hshNk4Byv5ksviDIzVQoxuCs-p6QicdgMN2AZA
"The 20 most beautiful female celebrities over 30 in the world")

Undo

[
](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)[
](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)

[by
Taboola](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)[by
Taboola](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)

[Sponsored
Links](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)[Sponsored
Links](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)

[Promoted
Links](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)[Promoted
Links](https://popup.taboola.com/en/?template=colorbox&utm_source=timesinternetlimited-
timesofindia&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=thumbnails-3x1:Mid Category
Thumbnails:)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Nagpur voter _list_ swells
to 44.3L; but netas wary  Aug 31, 2024, 04:18 (IST)
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nagpur/nagpur-voter-list-grows-
to-443l-concerns-linger-among-politicians/articleshow/112936378.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) DU NCWEB BA, BCom second
cut-off _list_ 2024: Check direct link here TOI Education / Aug 30, 2024,
18:36 (IST) Delhi University has announced the second cut-off _list_ for Non-
Collegiate Womenâs Education Board (NCWEB) BA and BCom admissions for 2024-25.
Students interested in applying can check the _list_ on ncweb.du.ac.in. The
online admission process starts on August 31, 2024. Check the direct link to
check the second cut-off _list_ here.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/du-ncweb-ba-bcom-second-
cut-off-list-2024-check-direct-link-here/articleshow/112928526.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Youngest billionaires in
India 2024: Zepto co-founder Kaivalya Vohra becomes the youngest to enter the
_list_ TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Aug 30, 2024, 17:00 (IST) The 2024 Hurun India Rich
_list_ reveals India's youngest billionaires under 40, featuring Razorpay
founders Harshil Mathur and Shashank Kumar. The _list_ notably includes Zepto
CEO Adit Palicha, the youngest at 21. Highlighting strong entrepreneurial
spirit, 65% of the 55 tech startup founders are self-made. India now has 334
dollar billionaires, up 29% from last year.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes/trending/youngest-billionaires-
in-india-2024-zepto-co-founder-kaivalya-vohra-becomes-the-youngest-to-enter-
the-list/articleshow/112922823.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) KEAM 2024 Architecture
Phase 2 seat allotment result 2024 out: Steps to check TOI Education / Aug 30,
2024, 13:53 (IST) The Office of the Commissioner of Entrance Examinations,
Kerala, has released the KEAM 2024 BArch second phase allotment _list_.
Candidates can check their results on cee.kerala.gov.in. Students who received
allotments must report to their respective colleges by September 2, 2024, to
complete their admissions. Check important details here.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/keam-2024-architecture-
phase-2-seat-allotment-result-2024-out-steps-to-
check/articleshow/112919849.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) ISRO chairmen _list_ ; from
Vikram Sarabhai to S. Somanath TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Aug 23, 2024, 13:04 (IST)
ISRO has remarkably advanced India's space exploration and technology under
the guidance of its chairmen, starting with its founder, Dr. Vikram Sarabhai.
Each leader's tenure saw significant achievements, such as Chandrayaan-3 and
Mangalyaan, establishing India's reputation in global space research and
innovation. ](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/science/isro-chairmen-list-
from-vikram-sarabhai-to-s-somanath/articleshow/112731975.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Odisha UG NEET Counselling
2024 Provisional Merit _list_ Out: Check direct link and other important
details TOI Education / Aug 19, 2024, 08:25 (IST) The Odisha Undergraduate
NEET Counselling 2024 provisional merit _list_ was released on August 18,
2024. A total of 5,417 candidates are eligible to participate in the MBBS/BDS
counselling for state and NRI quota seats. Applicants can access the merit
_list_ from the official website or the direct link provided here. The last
date to submit doubts, or queries regarding rank or merit, is August 19, 2024,
by 5 PM. ](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/odisha-ug-neet-
counselling-2024-provisional-merit-list-out-check-direct-link-and-other-
important-details/articleshow/112617228.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) KEAM 2024: NEET UG
Provisional Merit _list_ released at cee.kerala.gov.in: Direct link to check
rank _list_ here TOI Education / Aug 16, 2024, 14:05 (IST) The Office of the
Commissioner for Entrance Examinations (CEE), Kerala, released the state
Medical and Ayurveda Provisional Rank _list_ s based on NEET (UG) 2024 scores.
Candidates must meet specific percentile criteria to qualify for Medical
courses, while for Medical Allied courses, SC/ST candidates have no minimum
marks requirement. Academic eligibility must be fulfilled for admission.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/keam-2024-neet-ug-
provisional-merit-list-released-at-cee-kerala-gov-in-direct-link-to-check-
rank-list-here/articleshow/112563135.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Jammu and Kashmir Assembly
elections 2024: BJP announces 29 more candidates, replaces one in revised
_list_ TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Aug 27, 2024, 17:06 (IST) The Bharatiya Janata Party
released the names of 29 candidates for the upcoming Jammu and Kashmir
Assembly elections, raising its total nominees to 45. Devender Singh Rana and
Satish Sharma were fielded for Nagrota and Billawar respectively. A prior
candidate _list_ was revised, with Baldev Raj Sharma taking the Shri Mata
Vaishno Devi seat. The remaining seats await the announcement.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/jammu-and-kashmir-assembly-
elections-2024-bjp-announces-29-more-candidates-replaces-one-in-revised-
list/articleshow/112837277.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Indian athletes who won
medals at the Paralympics from 1968-2024 TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Aug 27, 2024,
15:30 (IST) Indiaâs Paralympic journey started in 1968 and saw its first gold
medal in 1972. Since then, India accumulated 31 medals, with a historic 19
medals at the 2020 Tokyo Games. For the 2024 Paris Paralympics, India has sent
its largest-ever contingent of 84 athletes, aiming to surpass past records.
Events will be live-streamed on JioCinema in India.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/paris-paralympics/indian-
athletes-who-won-medals-at-the-paralympics-
from-1968-2024/articleshow/112834602.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) Punjab NEET 2024
Provisional Merit _list_ Released by BFUHS: Check Details and Counselling
Schedule TOI Education / Aug 21, 2024, 13:26 (IST) The Baba Farid University
of Health Sciences (BFUHS) released the Punjab NEET 2024 provisional merit
_list_ on August 20, 2024. Available on https://bfuhs.ac.in, the _list_
includes candidate details such as rank and scores. Objections to the
provisional _list_ can be submitted in person by 5 pm on August 21. The
revised _list_ will be published on August 23, with counselling and seat
allotment to follow. Final results will be announced on August 28.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/punjab-
neet-2024-provisional-merit-list-released-by-bfuhs-check-details-and-
counselling-schedule/articleshow/112675777.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) 'They have fielded the same
faces': CM Saini on Congress candidate _list_ for Haryana polls ANI / Sep 09,
2024, 17:13 (IST) Haryana CM Nayab Singh Saini criticized Congress for
repeating candidates who failed to deliver during their 2004-14 rule. He
emphasized BJP's accomplishments in health, education, and housing over the
past decade. Confident of a BJP win, he discussed plans for future initiatives
ahead of the Haryana Assembly elections on October 5.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/they-have-fielded-the-same-faces-
cm-saini-on-congress-candidate-list-for-haryana-
polls/articleshow/113195636.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/25581306.cms) FT Masters in Management
Rankings 2024: 14 Indian institutes secure spots on the global _list_ , check
full _list_ here TOI Education / Sep 09, 2024, 16:48 (IST) The Financial Times
(FT) released its 2024 Masters in Management (MiM) rankings on September 8,
featuring 141 global programs. This year, 14 Indian institutions made the top
100, up from 11 in 2023. Notable improvements include SP Jain Institute of
Management & Research climbing to 35th place and IIM Lucknow advancing to
55th. Key criteria for rankings include salary growth, career progress, and
international diversity.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/ft-
rankings-2024-14-indian-institutes-secure-spots-on-the-global-
list/articleshow/113194852.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112783797,width-300,resizemode-4/112783797.jpg)
J&K assembly elections: Aam Aadmi Party announces first _list_ of 7 candidates
TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Aug 25, 2024, 18:57 (IST) The Aam Aadmi Party released its
initial _list_ of 7 candidates for the Jammu and Kashmir assembly elections.
Candidates include Fayaz Ahmed Sofi, Muddasir Hassan, Sheikh Fida Hussain,
Mohsin Shafkat Mir, Mehraj Din Malik, and Yasir Shafi Matto. Elections will
occur in three phases on September 18, 25, and October 1, with results on
October 4. ](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/jk-assembly-elections-
aam-aadmi-party-announces-first-list-
of-7-candidates/articleshow/112783797.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113186777,width-300,resizemode-4/113186777.jpg)
Kerala Lottery Result Today Declared: Win Win W-786 Winners for September 9,
2024; First Prize Rs 75 Lakh, Second Prize Rs 5 Lakh, Third Prize Rs 1 Lakh
TIMESOFINDIA.COM / Sep 09, 2024, 13:27 (IST) The Kerala Lottery's Win-Win
W-786 results will be announced on September 9, 2024, offering a top prize of
Rs. 75 lakh. The article outlines how to check results and claim prizes, along
with details on other weekly draws and bumper lotteries like the Onam
Thiruvonam Bumper featuring a Rs. 25 crore grand prize.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/thiruvananthapuram/kerala-lottery-
result-today-declared-win-win-w-786-winners-for-september-9-2024-first-prize-
rs-75-lakh-second-prize-rs-5-lakh-third-prize-
rs-1-lakh/articleshow/113186777.cms)

[![](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-113183571,width-300,resizemode-4/113183571.jpg)
Sean âDiddyâ Combs _list_ s Beverly Hills mansion for a staggering $61 Million
- Reports etimes.in / Sep 09, 2024, 11:39 (IST) Sean 'Diddy' Combs has
officially _list_ ed his Beverly Hills estate for $61 million. The expansive
13,000-square-foot mansion is located in Los Angeles' Platinum Triangle and
offers luxurious amenities. Sources close to Diddy state that the decision to
sell was part of a long-term plan and not influenced by recent controversies
involving the property.
](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/english/music/news/sean-
diddy-combs-lists-beverly-hills-mansion-for-a-staggering-61-million-
reports/articleshow/113183571.cms)

Load More Articles

##  list Photos

![Richest NRI: Gopichand Hinduja &
Family](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112982785,width-200,resizemode-4/112982785.jpg)

__

Richest NRI: Gopichand Hinduja & Family

![Indiaâs Youngest
Billionaire](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112964612,width-200,resizemode-4/112964612.jpg)

__

Indiaâs Youngest Billionaire

![India Mints A Billionaire Every 5
Days!](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112940547,width-200,resizemode-4/112940547.jpg)

 __

India Mints A Billionaire Every 5 Days!

![Shah Rukh
Khan](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112917414,width-200,resizemode-4/112917414.jpg)

__

Shah Rukh Khan

![Tentative <i
class="tbold">list</i>](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112313187,width-200,resizemode-4/112313187.jpg)

 __

Tentative _list_

View All

##  list Videos

[![Aishwarya Rai, Deepika Padukone, or Juhi Chawla? Indiaâs Wealthiest Actress
Revealed](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112995560,width-200,resizemode-4/112995560.jpg)__Aishwarya
Rai, Deepika Padukone, or Juhi Chawla? Indiaâs Wealthiest Actress
Revealed](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/etimes/bollywood/aishwarya-
rai-deepika-padukone-or-juhi-chawla-indias-wealthiest-actress-
revealed/videoshow/112995560.cms)

[![Dil Ko Tumse Pyaar Hua On Location: Chirag-Deepika arrive At Guest House;
Share Romantic
moments](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112970345,width-200,resizemode-4/112970345.jpg)
__Dil Ko Tumse Pyaar Hua On Location: Chirag-Deepika arrive At Guest House;
Share Romantic
moments](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tv/hindi/dil-ko-tumse-
pyaar-hua-on-location-chirag-deepika-arrive-at-guest-house-share-romantic-
moments/videoshow/112970345.cms)

[![Dil Ko Tumse Pyaar Hua on location: Janvi to confess her feelings to
Chirag?](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112767683,width-200,resizemode-4/112767683.jpg)
__Dil Ko Tumse Pyaar Hua on location: Janvi to confess her feelings to
Chirag?](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tv/hindi/exploring-the-
impact-of-climate-change-on-polar-bears/videoshow/112767683.cms)

[![Controversy Erupts At Kolkata RG Kar Medical College As Sacked Principal
Still <i class="tbold">list</i>ed On
Website](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112744827,width-200,resizemode-4/112744827.jpg)__Controversy
Erupts At Kolkata RG Kar Medical College As Sacked Principal Still _list_ ed
On Website ](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/toi-
original/controversy-erupts-at-kolkata-rg-kar-medical-college-as-sacked-
principal-still-listed-on-website/videoshow/112744827.cms)

[![Inside Bigg Boss Marathi Season 5 Home Tour: 'Chakravyuh', A Modern Twist
On
Tradition](https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/imgsize-123456,msid-112070002,width-200,resizemode-4/112070002.jpg)__Inside
Bigg Boss Marathi Season 5 Home Tour: 'Chakravyuh', A Modern Twist On
Tradition](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/videos/tv/hindi/inside-bigg-
boss-marathi-season-5-home-tour-chakravyuh-a-modern-twist-on-
tradition/videoshow/112070002.cms)

View All

[![logo](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/111986287.cms)](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/)

[About us](https://www.timesinternet.in)[Create Your Own
Ad](https://ads.colombiaonline.com/expresso/selfservice/loginSelfService.htm)[Terms
of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
](https://www.indiatimes.com/termsandcondition)[Privacy
policy](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/privacy-
policy/cookiepolicy/86934312.cms)[Advertise with
us](https://timesinternet.in/advertise/marketing)[RSS](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/rss.cms)[Newsletter](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/newsletterhome.cms)[Feedback](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/feedback.cms)[ePaper](https://epaper.timesgroup.com/TOI/TimesOfIndia/index.html?a=c)[Sitemap](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sitemap.cms)[Archives](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/archive.cms)

FOLLOW US ON

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/TimesofIndia/ "Facebook")
  * [](https://twitter.com/timesofindia "Twitter")
  * [](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/rss.cms "RSS")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/timesofindia "YouTube")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/timesofindia/ "YouTube")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/timesofindia/ "YouTube")
  * [](https://www.kooapp.com/profile/timesofindia "Koo")
  * [](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Times_of_India "Wikipedia")

#### Other Times Group News Sites

[The Economic Times](https://economictimes.indiatimes.com)[Hindi Economic
Times](https://hindi.economictimes.com)[Navbharat
Times](https://navbharattimes.indiatimes.com)[Maharashtra
Times](https://maharashtratimes.com/)[Vijaya
Karnataka](https://vijaykarnataka.com/)[Telugu
Samayam](https://telugu.samayam.com/)[Tamil
Samayam](https://tamil.samayam.com/)[Malayalam
Samayam](https://malayalam.samayam.com/)[Ei Samay](https://eisamay.com)[I am
Gujarat](https://www.iamgujarat.com/)[TimesPoints](https://www.timespoints.com/#/products?utm_source=TOI&utm_medium=Footer&utm_campaign=TOI_Footer)[Indiatimes](https://www.indiatimes.com/)[Brand
Capital](http://brandcapital.co.in/)[Education
Times](http://www.educationtimes.com/)[Times
Food](https://recipes.timesofindia.com/?_ga=2.136800816.1428222683.1593400724-amp-
NKUM-n_c6RPY3Ify9MKZw1pfgLblvF469YKIurBFWMVAL1su-edve8E2rJu4yhmC)[Miss
Kyra](https://www.misskyra.com/)[Mumbai
Mirror](https://mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com/)[Bangalore
Mirror](https://bangaloremirror.indiatimes.com)

#### Popular Categories

[Headlines](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/headlines)[Sports
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports)[Business
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business)[India
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india)[World
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world)[Bollywood
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news)[Health
& Fitness Tips](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-
fitness)[Indian TV
Shows](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/hindi)[Celebrity
Photos](https://photogallery.indiatimes.com/celebs)

#### Hot on the Web

[Ginger Side Effects](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-
fitness/diet/side-effects-of-ginger-that-everyone-should-know-
about/articleshow/113026987.cms)[Vikas
Sethi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/news/hindi/kahiin-to-hoga-fame-
vikas-sethi-passes-away-due-to-cardiac-arrest-
at-48/articleshow/113165301.cms)[Stree 2
Collection](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/stree-2-box-
office-collection-25-the-shraddha-kapoor-rajkummar-rao-starrer-becomes-2nd-
highest-grossing-hindi-movie-ever-beats-gadar-2-and-
pathaan/articleshow/113177515.cms)[Optical
illusion](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/de-
stress/optical-illusion-challenge-can-you-find-the-mouse-hiding-in-the-
kitchen/articleshow/112993207.cms)[Deepika
Padukone](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/when-
ranbir-kapoor-expressed-his-wishes-to-become-ranveer-singh-and-deepika-
padukones-kids-favourite-
actor/articleshow/113172201.cms)[Dog](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes/trending/why-
do-street-dogs-cry-and-bark-at-night-key-insights-into-their-
behaviour/articleshow/113123511.cms)[Vitamins](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-
style/health-fitness/health-news/vitamins-and-minerals-that-react-with-each-
other-and-should-not-be-taken-
together/articleshow/113120037.cms)[Nasa](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes/trending/720-foot-
huge-asteroid-approaching-earth-at-high-speed-
nasa/articleshow/112993360.cms)[Hansal
Mehta](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/hansal-
mehta-recalls-being-ignored-by-kareena-kapoor-khan-as-neighbors-she-would-
often-walk-past-me-to-christmas-parties/articleshow/113041192.cms)[Remo
D'Souza](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/remo-
dsouza-recalls-suffering-a-major-heart-attack-in-2020-due-to-a-100-percent-
blockage-salman-khan-was-constantly-with-my-wife-on-the-
phone/articleshow/113135603.cms)

#### Top Trends

[Navdeep Singh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/paris-
paralympics/navdeep-singh-gold-javelin-throw-paralympics-neeraj-chopra-
paris-2024-sadegh-beit-sayah/articleshow/113177034.cms)[Rishabh
Pant](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/news/rishabh-pant-
says-no-but-captain-takes-a-review-and-loses-it-in-duleep-trophy-
watch/articleshow/113186129.cms)[Allan
Lichtman](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/who-is-allan-lichtman-
the-nostradamus-of-us-presidential-poll-
predictions/articleshow/113111708.cms)[Kolkata Doctor Rape
Case](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/kolkata-doctor-rape-
murder-case-supreme-court-hearing-today-news-live-updates-rg-kar-hospital-
sandip-ghosh-accused-sanjay-roy-west-bengal/liveblog/113177858.cms)[Prince
Harry](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/uk/prince-harry-set-to-
receive-major-inheritance-after-he-turns-40-he-will-
get-/articleshow/113157399.cms)[IBPS RRB Clerk PO
Result](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/ibps-rrb-clerk-po-
result-2024-live-updates-check-result-online-date-time-direct-link-ibps-
in/liveblog/113181876.cms)[Chandrayaan
3](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/chandrayaan-3-records-250-seismic-
events-50-need-studies-to-check-link-to-
moonquakes/articleshow/113173526.cms)[MS
Dhoni](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/news/when-ms-dhoni-
defied-back-pain-to-guide-india-to-2011-world-cup-title-
win/articleshow/113182914.cms)[Great Khali Dating
History](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/wwe/top-stories/the-great-
khalis-personal-life-dating-history-revealed/articleshow/113192355.cms)[Kerala
Lottery
Result](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/thiruvananthapuram/kerala-
lottery-result-today-declared-win-win-w-786-winners-for-
september-9-2024-first-prize-rs-75-lakh-second-prize-rs-5-lakh-third-prize-
rs-1-lakh/articleshow/113186777.cms )[Pakistan Cricket
Team](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/news/nepotism-and-
favoritism-what-ails-pakistan-cricket/articleshow/113187235.cms)[Sanjay
Roy](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kolkata/kolkata-hospital-
horror-12-polygraph-tests-100-statements-later-sanjay-roy-remains-only-rape-
murder-accused/articleshow/113173868.cms)[Govt Job Vacancies in
Sept](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/apply-for-
over-50000-govt-job-vacancies-in-september-2024-check-recruitment-details-
from-from-ssc-to-indian-railways-and-more/articleshow/113195091.cms)[SSC CGL
Exam](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/education/news/ssc-cgl-exam-2024-to-
begin-from-tomorrow-check-exam-day-guidelines-other-details-
here/articleshow/113165874.cms)[Sachin
Tendulkar](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/news/when-
sachin-tendulkar-became-the-first-indian-to-score-an-odi-hundred-in-
pakistan/articleshow/113184445.cms)[Sandip
Ghosh](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/ex-principal-sandip-ghosh-
rigged-rg-kar-hospitals-house-staff-selections-says-
cbi/articleshow/113157984.cms)[Live Cricket
Score](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/live-cricket-score)

#### Trending Topics

[Tamannaah
Bhatia](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/tamannaah-
bhatia-on-feeling-stressed-doing-stree-2-song-aaj-ki-raat-after-super-success-
of-kaavaalaa-will-i-be-able-to-top-what-i-have-already-
done/articleshow/113024861.cms)[National
Parks](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/travel/travel-news/5-conservation-
success-stories-national-parks-saving-endangered-
species/articleshow/113083560.cms)[Happy National Grandparents Day
2024](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes/trending/happy-national-
grandparents-day-2024-best-wishes-images-messages-greetings-and-quotes-to-
share-with-your-grandparents/articleshow/113165607.cms)[Chiyaan
Vikram](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/chiyaan-
vikram-opens-up-about-ranveer-singh-starring-in-the-hindi-remake-of-anniyan-
aka-aparichit-shankar-should-have-made-part-two-with-
me/articleshow/113170968.cms)[Aishwarya Rai
Bachchan](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/when-
aishwarya-rai-bachchan-confessed-that-she-and-abhishek-bachchan-fight-every-
day-it-would-be-really-boring-/articleshow/113073626.cms)[Slat
Water](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/11-reasons-to-
have-1-glass-of-warm-salt-water-on-an-empty-stomach-
daily/articleshow/112974631.cms)[Weight
Gain](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/5-healthy-
foods-that-could-cause-weight-gain/articleshow/113163228.cms)[GOAT
Collection](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/tamil/movies/box-
office/goat-box-office-collection-day-4-vijay-starrer-becomes-fastest-to-
reach-100-crore-in-tamil-nadu/articleshow/113180398.cms)[Vikas Sethi
Death](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/health-
news/actor-vikas-sethi-passes-away-due-to-cardiac-arrest-whats-behind-the-
rise-of-heart-disease-in-young-adults/articleshow/113169061.cms)[Malayalam
Producers](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/malayalam/movies/news/malayalam-
producers-demand-end-to-dual-taxation-and-cap-on-actor-remuneration-amid-
financial-struggles/articleshow/113177883.cms)[India's Best Dancer
4](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/news/hindi/indias-best-
dancer-4-kareena-kapoor-once-calmed-sister-karisma-kapoor-while-hanging-
upside-down-for-a-stunt-in-tashan-latter-said-she-was-in-some-action-sequel-
on-that-harness/articleshow/113177012.cms)[Monkeypox
Symptoms](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-
fitness/health-news/monkeypox-in-india-suspected-case-identified-key-symptoms-
exclusively-seen-in-this-infection/articleshow/113183192.cms)[Dilli
Babu](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/tamil/movies/news/ratsasan-
producer-dilli-babu-passes-away-at-50/articleshow/113182571.cms)[Indian
National Parks](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/travel/web-
stories/10-indian-national-parks-that-can-be-explored-on-
foot/photostory/113048765.cms)[Laung
Benefits](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/health-fitness/web-
stories/laung-benefits-healthy-reasons-to-eat-1-clove-
everyday/photostory/112993653.cms)[Vikas
Sethi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/news/hindi/late-actor-vikas-
sethis-last-rites-to-take-place-in-mumbai-
today/articleshow/113182865.cms)[iPhone
16](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/technology/mobiles-tabs/apple-
iphone-16-iphone-16-pro-models-launched-in-india-price-specs-and-
more/articleshow/113204621.cms)[AC Under
30000](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/hot-picks/home-kitchen/ac-
under-30000-top-picks-for-every-home-from-top-
brands/articleshow/113151346.cms)[Best AC in
India](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/hot-picks/best-ac-in-india-expert-
picks-for-every-capacity-and-budget-to-cool-your-
summer/articleshow/109919615.cms)[Wordle
Answer](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/technology/gaming/todays-wordle-
answer-hints)

#### Living and entertainment

[iDiva](https://www.idiva.com/?host=TOI)[MensXP.com](http://mensxp.com)[Femina](http://www.femina.in)[ETimes](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/etimes)[Grazia](http://www.grazia.co.in)[Zoom](https://www.zoomtventertainment.com/)[Travel
Destinations](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/travel/destinations)[Bombay
Times](http://www.bombaytimes.com)[Cricbuzz.com](http://cricbuzz.com)[Filmfare](http://www.filmfare.com)[Online
Songs](https://gaana.com/newrelease)[TV](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tv/hindi)[Lifestyle](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-
style)[Longwalks
App](https://longwalks.onelink.me/OzWN/longwalksapp)[Newspaper
Subscription](https://subscribe.timesgroup.com/subscription)[Food
News](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news)[Times
Prime](https://www.timesprime.com?utm_source=TOI_Sites&amp;utm_medium=et&amp;utm_campaign=footer)[Whats
Hot](https://www.whatshot.in/)

#### Services

[CouponDunia](http://www.coupondunia.in/)[Magicbricks](http://www.magicbricks.com/)[TechGig](http://www.techgig.com)[TimesJobs](http://www.timesjobs.com/)[Bollywood
News](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.til.popkorn)[Times
Mobile](http://www.timesmobile.in/)[Gadgets
Now](https://www.gadgetsnow.com/)[Careers](http://careers.timesgroup.com/)[Colombia](https://www.colombiaonline.com/)

Copyright Â© 2024 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint
rights: Times Syndication Service

[](https://adclick.g.doubleclick.net/pcs/click?xai=AKAOjsv1IIL_BSFtiI01LD2oU85GwLHT0ZLstegdqgA45
--pnx3ZDD0mf8njEjxKU-y-QoHIE2WjnNjR4Ta61eyjb-
NQWTDG1tFoHlrUH50zeyqseoj8inmJ4UFXPzOmFx6lAkVgXwtyU-Z5DyQAOXMpEo3u2sAuR-
zL_uISmknt2pgZNNc2fINUJ5RD_HUDHrnRXaD9BrZEUMaW1fW7yg3YiFV_39aXyo1cOQAj3W4ysWMb_hdX_8x3dbJU3SfWgFy6OztXgFhVUsTWke4hRPUTFYu-
dcoEvErTfpu8r2-5aSTbjaqvnc-zT-7HVbFD2xJQjh73kSPJE4FTvN-
QszK4rxbsOIy8beKO7aIENb3xXoXN4mopvlUgIuSmdzoBCLgSs2VGwuWIIDpWuN8TefZQO4lBpzPHB1WOmg&sai=AMfl-
YQRN35QYKCcxhrtkmpq0WZDtCedDoo2Z6lJtkVWg64v5eXszldEsYjWE5J3AGuYtq6Yxj5GW9oGX2VPDY_Ey9pGL2_vLoMqypVhsZHFuWp8HfIECRhT0r0tYXtqTsZOIkBlIWtIR3SC1jSiuwkT&sig=Cg0ArKJSzFqex7Rs3uPUEAE&fbs_aeid=%5Bgw_fbsaeid%5D&urlfix=1&adurl=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/toidialogues/dehradun?utm_source=TOI&utm_medium=DisplayAds&utm_campaign=TOIDialoguesUK)
[](https://adclick.g.doubleclick.net/pcs/click?xai=AKAOjsv1IIL_BSFtiI01LD2oU85GwLHT0ZLstegdqgA45
--pnx3ZDD0mf8njEjxKU-y-QoHIE2WjnNjR4Ta61eyjb-
NQWTDG1tFoHlrUH50zeyqseoj8inmJ4UFXPzOmFx6lAkVgXwtyU-Z5DyQAOXMpEo3u2sAuR-
zL_uISmknt2pgZNNc2fINUJ5RD_HUDHrnRXaD9BrZEUMaW1fW7yg3YiFV_39aXyo1cOQAj3W4ysWMb_hdX_8x3dbJU3SfWgFy6OztXgFhVUsTWke4hRPUTFYu-
dcoEvErTfpu8r2-5aSTbjaqvnc-zT-7HVbFD2xJQjh73kSPJE4FTvN-
QszK4rxbsOIy8beKO7aIENb3xXoXN4mopvlUgIuSmdzoBCLgSs2VGwuWIIDpWuN8TefZQO4lBpzPHB1WOmg&sai=AMfl-
YQRN35QYKCcxhrtkmpq0WZDtCedDoo2Z6lJtkVWg64v5eXszldEsYjWE5J3AGuYtq6Yxj5GW9oGX2VPDY_Ey9pGL2_vLoMqypVhsZHFuWp8HfIECRhT0r0tYXtqTsZOIkBlIWtIR3SC1jSiuwkT&sig=Cg0ArKJSzFqex7Rs3uPUEAE&fbs_aeid=%5Bgw_fbsaeid%5D&urlfix=1&adurl=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/toidialogues/dehradun?utm_source=TOI&utm_medium=DisplayAds&utm_campaign=TOIDialoguesUK)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=593671331875494&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Do Not Sell My Personal Information

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Sale of Personal Data

#### Your Privacy

When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect
information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences
or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to
and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not
to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the
site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category
headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your
preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies
as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website
(such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log
into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more
information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this
link.

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Sale of Personal Data

Always Active

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of
the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect
information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted
ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal
information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to
offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to
any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for
further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this
Exercise My Rights link.  
  
If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we
have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be
able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to
personalize ads according to your preferences.

  * ##### Targeting Cookies

Always Active

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

  * ##### Social Media Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

  * ##### Performance Cookies

Always Active

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Back Button

### Cookie List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![Alert](https://static.toiimg.com/photo/92540357.cms)

##### Get top news alerts from The Times of India

EnableMaybe later

![](https://ids.ad.gt/api/v1/halo_match?id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&halo_id=060ixbg77akjaj2g5gadhgfcbhijfai9ldguogq22eywewsqyqeksqoigsuwoeu60)![](https://ids.ad.gt/api/v1/ip_match?id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)![](https://secure.adnxs.com/getuid?https://ids.ad.gt/api/v1/match?id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&adnxs_id=$UID&gdpr=0)![](https://match.adsrvr.org/track/cmf/generic?ttd_pid=8gkxb6n&ttd_tpi=1&ttd_puid=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&gdpr=0)![](https://image2.pubmatic.com/AdServer/UCookieSetPug?rd=https%3A%2F%2Fids.ad.gt%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fpbm_match%3Fpbm%3D%23PM_USER_ID%26id%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)![](https://token.rubiconproject.com/token?pid=50242&puid=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&gdpr=0)![](https://pixel.tapad.com/idsync/ex/receive?partner_id=3185&partner_device_id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&partner_url=https://ids.ad.gt%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Ftapad_match%3Fid%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4%26tapad_id%3D%24%7BTA_DEVICE_ID%7D)![](https://cm.g.doubleclick.net/pixel?google_nid=audigent_w_appnexus_3985&google_cm&google_sc&google_ula=450542624&id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)![](https://ids.ad.gt/api/v1/g_hosted?id=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)![](https://sync.1rx.io/usersync/audigent/0?dspret=1&redir=https%3A%2F%2Fids.ad.gt%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Funruly%3Fid%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4%26unruly_id%3D%5BRX_UUID%5D)![](https://sync.colossusssp.com/ebfa23da174faa55634171c5e49d0152.gif?puid=AU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4&redir=http%3A%2F%2Fids.ad.gt%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fcolossus%3Fcls_id%3D%5BUID%5D%26id%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)![](https://u.openx.net/w/1.0/cm?id=998eaf06-9905-4eae-9e26-9fac75960c53&r=https%3A%2F%2Fids.ad.gt%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fopenx%3Fopenx_id%3D%7BOPENX_ID%7D%26id%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4%26auid%3DAU1D-0100-001725918175-V091V1TF-J7X4)

