![](https://lh3.ggpht.com/16hfpPK4nois_ekV4s4PRXYinW3MN_5EnUNq0sdaMvkfVECIVrMa44HBUVxSWyRB4CjtDlDYvg=s56-p-rw)

# Headlines

Follow

Follow this topic

Share

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNUhRMFpuZVhWUGIyRXdlbmhFVFJDZkF4amlCU2dLTWdtSklJN3ZuR1NKU1FJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Kolkata rape-murder case updates: ‘Any protest can't be at cost of their
duty…'](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQWXhTZ3lJOEh6OVU0bkM1V2t6eFFYU2tCYUQzZFFiNnJKaUc0b2xKUTdTZjZhR3ZDWXd0M21FZFRDRGxYdGdZcThOZHBDVk5rYWVhM25lOVdVSE9KYUk5bHczeTN0V20yQ1Byc0d6RTJ4X05naEJmYTZvdEphd1hSb3BHcjJwVGpxZjlWVnVJdmlhdnBPb1kteXNMRHczdEJmcVVBWk9qUlRwRk5OODdWWXhxSkRvWlNqNEE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

['Missing' Document In Focus As Supreme Court Hears Kolkata Rape-Murder
Case](./read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQWXhTZ3lJOEh6OVU0bkM1V2t6eFFYU2tCYUQzZFFiNnJKaUc0b2xKUTdTZjZhR3ZDWXd0M21FZFRDRGxYdGdZcThOZHBDVk5rYWVhM25lOVdVSE9KYUk5bHczeTN0V20yQ1Byc0d6RTJ4X05naEJmYTZvdEphd1hSb3BHcjJwVGpxZjlWVnVJdmlhdnBPb1kteXNMRHczdEJmcVVBWk9qUlRwRk5OODdWWXhxSkRvWlNqNEE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 minutes ago

* * *

By Sunil Prabhu and Saikat Kumar Bose

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livelaw.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Live Law - Indian Legal News

More

[RG Kar Case | 'Protest Can't Be At Cost Of Duty' : Supreme Court Asks Doctors In West Bengal To Return To ...](./read/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxOQno1MXRjcV9rLUI0eWpHYzFpQzg4QV9GYW40Vmd5YUdOSXFFLWpNMXpMMjZUN2JRWDJMLXNBMW5KYkVmTHNidzloLUY3WlRZRVJnUHNrb3lLbGJ0NzZXdEgzanVOV1E1ckM0ZGZUX0ZKV0JSbGlVbkhWczVLRnd3QUtHa2wxdF8yVTZDSG80SHkyVU84Q1VFTFpySEY2NUZTQXM3RWtqb2ZBTFduSWZHbG1jWnVkd2xJNXRCZ0ZxU2JVVUVQb0luUFFTYmdkdGlYSXp0TjlkMS1UaFJWY2fSAeMBQVVfeXFMUHNrdW9oZmhrdE4yRmNoNGtuSGJsM0lFZVBRUXRZTmVYdHNORFdrdUpiZmgxX09fYV9nNVhfQlB1RXo1VEM3X1Qxb291U2R1Q1Z6ekZBdDBUWEtpcEpYYUp1SEQwbW5fQmI1dHU4d2s5M09od2RtMlE3Y2xHQ0twbGRONFlsY2NaRGUtcDd0M0xGRllKMGpCREV2M3dvd01NLXdGWmN1eGMwb2JYUklKeTI0S3VuQ0dFeEpYeG9HU3VOWnp4MlhtcjFRRlBUdnM3YlFlQWl3MC1ncmZrTnpXVGYzdFk?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

31 minutes ago

* * *

By Anmol Kaur Bawa

[](./read/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxNZlBaeXdXeHBYUTB6OUpIdXN6UXl0MnFJdEcydElFU0tER3R6SmZ0a0Z1ZE1qdFVkd0NfMnpPTVpCM0tXaVpRd3pOV1lOMGZiTjM5R1ZfTm55YzBHenRlZnQ3MlduSUV2UVF3V3ZUMWRneW9HUERmWE1RTWotYzVrRWdBdnd1ZzVLSWFYNG52eTNTczFYaHVXc25HR0F5UFE4d2lTUHh3bnk0TC1fZTVHdlB0bFpDcWwzMDZNOG1oTXNjLTFkOENybkJHVFV0VjBxTThBWHE2Q3k2V0dBQlpiOGx6djNrTzVh?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

['Don't want to guide CBI': SC asks central agency to file fresh report in
Kolkata rape-murder
case](./read/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxNZlBaeXdXeHBYUTB6OUpIdXN6UXl0MnFJdEcydElFU0tER3R6SmZ0a0Z1ZE1qdFVkd0NfMnpPTVpCM0tXaVpRd3pOV1lOMGZiTjM5R1ZfTm55YzBHenRlZnQ3MlduSUV2UVF3V3ZUMWRneW9HUERmWE1RTWotYzVrRWdBdnd1ZzVLSWFYNG52eTNTczFYaHVXc25HR0F5UFE4d2lTUHh3bnk0TC1fZTVHdlB0bFpDcWwzMDZNOG1oTXNjLTFkOENybkJHVFV0VjBxTThBWHE2Q3k2V0dBQlpiOGx6djNrTzVh?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lZeGFxakRCR3FNRm8xcDV2U0R5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVFRVXBzVVhJMVYxaEVaVFpKVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZcFZZRE9OUVU=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/il1YSB76BhyDivyobuHU_Tex2qT9kypjY1Zf2XNd6OUJoCzvNz25AMPkJP91myo6enzhhkpRxg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EHFzBnM0m86shsKnce5kAZQGa-
nORqgbe4q_PgqRwURLVtPtUjzd6SDx3LeItRtoDItWTmKnbg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

['Ready For Talks If…’: In J&K, Rajnath Asks Pakistan To Stop Terrorism,
Invites PoK Residents To Join
India](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Shankhyaneel Sarkar

[](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxOUXItZlU5TllrNmRvY0F3UkRLUlY2WHdTUWhVVk84N2ZjS21Pd3pxZ05XbGZtUEpYbjZBX2V0U2ROOVlxd1habW1vS2NOT21MYnpyY29PVGk2TDdTUTFfd0FoNWZLbDE0ZlU2WmFDMk1id3FlMHR1MkRBeXpZR3ZhVTlxaDl4akkyRk1RdkkwRWJBQ0d0Yk5sZ3E2dlJRaU8wRnNuRHVmVmtHNml2OW9rTDNJMmpXZVVhQlEzUk9kY1R1TV9xY3hqV0s0SEtkdw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Sent Opposition MPs to speak to Hurriyat, convey we are ready to talk peace:
Rajnath
Singh](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxOUXItZlU5TllrNmRvY0F3UkRLUlY2WHdTUWhVVk84N2ZjS21Pd3pxZ05XbGZtUEpYbjZBX2V0U2ROOVlxd1habW1vS2NOT21MYnpyY29PVGk2TDdTUTFfd0FoNWZLbDE0ZlU2WmFDMk1id3FlMHR1MkRBeXpZR3ZhVTlxaDl4akkyRk1RdkkwRWJBQ0d0Yk5sZ3E2dlJRaU8wRnNuRHVmVmtHNml2OW9rTDNJMmpXZVVhQlEzUk9kY1R1TV9xY3hqV0s0SEtkdw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

* * *

By Arun Sharma

[](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOY19Hb2s4bTJoblVNS1N1eXdubGVJaTJPMy1MMTFPQkVhNWJmY0kxMTQweW1yWU8zLWhxOFFlX19UcE5jcHdwOG9yb3lndkxSV1dsR3FOb2NobXlJSHZDNEY3UEhna3A3ZTUtc0Ffbl82WnlyTE5aNUpRMFdvNV9BM2lYdzJDUXhLS1hCQkhMWDVzQ1lSLTBGMnZ5ajZRVDZCVEpKMWRHSUU4cTduTjYzdkh1bmk4dXNvWHFBQ200NFBhOVVrYnlxeHZEVWN6Wi1HM3gtNg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Rajnath Singh urges PoK residents to join India, cites Pak lawyer's
affidavit: ‘We consider
you…’](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOY19Hb2s4bTJoblVNS1N1eXdubGVJaTJPMy1MMTFPQkVhNWJmY0kxMTQweW1yWU8zLWhxOFFlX19UcE5jcHdwOG9yb3lndkxSV1dsR3FOb2NobXlJSHZDNEY3UEhna3A3ZTUtc0Ffbl82WnlyTE5aNUpRMFdvNV9BM2lYdzJDUXhLS1hCQkhMWDVzQ1lSLTBGMnZ5ajZRVDZCVEpKMWRHSUU4cTduTjYzdkh1bmk4dXNvWHFBQ200NFBhOVVrYnlxeHZEVWN6Wi1HM3gtNg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Ready for dialogue with Pakistan if it stops terrorism in J&K: Defence
Minister Rajnath
Singh](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2kxcDV1bkRCRjJoZFFmbjRFbldpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUZjVmsxVkRVNVdsOTVhRXR0VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZQm9wS3V0UVk=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Bengal Governor asks Mamata Banerjee to call Cabinet meet, decide on demand
for removing police
commissioner](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

12 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQR1VVdTg1azhtTG9RTmtUSGlsT2xSWmpUNUFhS3JYUjV0eF9ObUdhaTZveDVtajlTdUktVjhGbHVESFpxQ2JZSldlRDF6YlBPLVZxeDRFMzh0aUhkQ2JhQVYxSU5ZTl9uem9Jcmlhc3ctVzBlak5QelBIVTVDLWpmWG00ZTNpYnRRVEFmVkwwWnRXRm9vcjhSbEhoM0didUJaNThZdDdqOFE0djA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Police Tried To Destroy Evidence From Start: Kolkata Doctor's
Parents](./read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQR1VVdTg1azhtTG9RTmtUSGlsT2xSWmpUNUFhS3JYUjV0eF9ObUdhaTZveDVtajlTdUktVjhGbHVESFpxQ2JZSldlRDF6YlBPLVZxeDRFMzh0aUhkQ2JhQVYxSU5ZTl9uem9Jcmlhc3ctVzBlak5QelBIVTVDLWpmWG00ZTNpYnRRVEFmVkwwWnRXRm9vcjhSbEhoM0didUJaNThZdDdqOFE0djA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newindianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The New Indian Express

More

[Kolkata rape-murder case: Diaspora Indians protest in over 130 cities across
25
countries](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxOV0RtRy1JbHgtdGdSTVhLRmpIT0lqOHZyMHFRVzNhRlNkSGNMay1pc3A0WExac3hWZWdLa1c5MDFHZ3ZsTGRhSTR6eGdkVERMcmpIR0VtZFF2Z2IwczZuM2ZWc2d2ZjMxUzJJUHo3OE93dlJPeEp2OVQ1UmRTYkpNcFNlVDI4X3dXZW96NEFHcUdNdkx2UUVLMDljZUJMT0xncWJ6eHN5al80SFBCcVNheERMSi13eHUwMXRMMVo2ak1YZzdTX0lEa0RLcUs4a3VtTWUxX0N30gHjAUFVX3lxTE1ydDRCOEhaVHNneGdrZG13UjA5bFlKTFhNWDRFYUNXMlNjZVVteXR2VUhvdHRfanpUOE02WWNyMWZZTG15VHJGTEViUU4yZ1UtQkxSZ28xajJwWElJdlVKcndjS1B0eGNMdHh1UUlLUG9RdE1BQ3ZjTEV2OWlJRmRMaW4taExmVUVPSkJmQm1QWU1kNm82Q1Y1VUZWWVV1QzEtaUtMdFlERlFRaDV3VHladDRIYXRsX2JwODJrTXgtVDc1RWl1SUVQcU56TFRVd3FVZnRkdjhBU1V5N2tST0ZBMlFZ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxQLUlOa1o3bTVaQ28xVHpZd19qamlaREFpVWZGV093U3Z1eFVsSkJEb0lqazNKbjdsWEdEVlg1dEtyVWJpTFhlQzNxbTF5MktOd1Y1bjRyZ0xHeUl4WTd6MDJITHowZXVxMF9PMUZyb1YtN05GVUo2WHV2dnNfT2dLN3FHNUExMUcxQ3NldEhuc1pNVzQ1a0dLNDFqQXZUbkJwSmt5MG5iNkdJU3VEY0MwZ2hUbVp0VjJRSjlDVVVuUFNhaU9GQzcyOU9IQXU0YzE4NnFCa1otY0tGZkVaMDFzNlhGUTZBdXM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[A month after RG Kar horror, thousands hit Kolkata streets ahead of SC
hearing](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxQLUlOa1o3bTVaQ28xVHpZd19qamlaREFpVWZGV093U3Z1eFVsSkJEb0lqazNKbjdsWEdEVlg1dEtyVWJpTFhlQzNxbTF5MktOd1Y1bjRyZ0xHeUl4WTd6MDJITHowZXVxMF9PMUZyb1YtN05GVUo2WHV2dnNfT2dLN3FHNUExMUcxQ3NldEhuc1pNVzQ1a0dLNDFqQXZUbkJwSmt5MG5iNkdJU3VEY0MwZ2hUbVp0VjJRSjlDVVVuUFNhaU9GQzcyOU9IQXU0YzE4NnFCa1otY0tGZkVaMDFzNlhGUTZBdXM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

11 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lWbGMyakRCRVpSZTB5eWFjbTlpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxNLTlqTS1XUVdYeDV1b1VIWlNKMG1uX3NRQWtIaksxaDN5UUs1SG53YWhXMTZEa3ZpWjZpRVZFSWpZYUh6X2pnMUZaU1AwMTZrODdfWktldXIxZjlrUzhLalJqSmZsN2ROR2l6c29aQkg0OS14dXNKQzZVemZDN1VtVXM4NjdZSDA1QS1DSV9qczdMd1BTWFF5N1U1ZEoxMFhLN0ktLTF4bFVUZ9IBsgFBVV95cUxNZkEtRnBpWW5Fa0hnYnVFbFplTXgybXVUQjhERFY1dHVRSW1NcnJLZG5mdGJtZmtiQWV5RmRNN3hjc1V0V0dFWTByMGxNeHNmNzBfNDBLQTZFM3h3TjhaOXBTVXZDT0d4N0NJUE5HaUlZaW5RZzN5dndZdlFUZFcycmx1NDF4NWhoWWtoNjdzUlRrbnJPdzdPYW1GMEx5c01ibll3aE52ZkdDU0lqc2Vua1hB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNUJjbWcyZWxvd1YwTnZTSFUwVFJDeUF4akNCU2dLTWdrTk1aaTJHS3FwaGdJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Rahul Gandhi On Dais, Congress' Sam Pitroda Says "He Is No
Pappu"](./read/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxNLTlqTS1XUVdYeDV1b1VIWlNKMG1uX3NRQWtIaksxaDN5UUs1SG53YWhXMTZEa3ZpWjZpRVZFSWpZYUh6X2pnMUZaU1AwMTZrODdfWktldXIxZjlrUzhLalJqSmZsN2ROR2l6c29aQkg0OS14dXNKQzZVemZDN1VtVXM4NjdZSDA1QS1DSV9qczdMd1BTWFF5N1U1ZEoxMFhLN0ktLTF4bFVUZ9IBsgFBVV95cUxNZkEtRnBpWW5Fa0hnYnVFbFplTXgybXVUQjhERFY1dHVRSW1NcnJLZG5mdGJtZmtiQWV5RmRNN3hjc1V0V0dFWTByMGxNeHNmNzBfNDBLQTZFM3h3TjhaOXBTVXZDT0d4N0NJUE5HaUlZaW5RZzN5dndZdlFUZFcycmx1NDF4NWhoWWtoNjdzUlRrbnJPdzdPYW1GMEx5c01ibll3aE52ZkdDU0lqc2Vua1hB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['He is no Pappu': What Sam Pitroda said about Rahul Gandhi in
US](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOLUdOTGRjdExwNVpxMzlIdVJfNE5GRTFJVEhNa1ZfcHhjTW1nQ0NoMS1zam13dzNnaGR5dU9fUlpmVzhxMkNjN1RhSFB2dzZrZXlpSFRadGM3ZHVzYlNqWlBRQkdDRjI3aEJlengwRmp0eWQyQ2FQVmI3a29pbjlFZzNKbFpheVlFY2hvWnVHdlRfc0VqbXNsbDFCTUh5NlVMVENKZjRUdnN2RW9XQ0E5WURIUnJZUC04eWZaQU9hWndDLU95N1hzbNIBzgFBVV95cUxQVklKeEh5QXpTeUo0Z0RiZmRod2k3WWxTVld0OXYwTkRJSE11bDNyUWR3MDVSbU5QUDQxYmhxN0F5UmJ4dTRrbnlqNlJjWHQ5bm5hdXhoeWZKeXljclY2T1E5WXU5LXEtcDZEelFmRF82eWhwcGRLSk1uU1VrMUFkUEU5TFlFZmV3eHRlalBkYlRkbnF4VEFOaHBuNEhxUkhxcHdEQ1kzM1NoSk9rN0ZlWUZaYmJWdWduVnhKU2JIS0dZbDVtRDVTYUhVTnhuUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi3AFBVV95cUxONFpnLUhDaGFwWDFkTkNLckotS083c3A4TGJuemVvVHllS091a1FVM1U4VnRLVU0yNEFGZ2kxVUZVX0VvZTRfRFJiSmNyWmJaWXpWNFd5bGhfVXFZek0yaURHZkhCZDB2WWpCNk5YeXMyUDF5a0xORHJfaWR4ZVhMXzhlXzJ2clZVSURJQ1Y0UUF1Q01Rb0xWNHdKUmxwZFJHak5IRUlwRGE3WnNLek01aGN5RW5Ndmp4VnVlV05nM2ZidlQzczZDSkRyNy1sVE9XSU1weGczTEEtMGND?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Rahul Gandhi is no Pappu: Congress’s Sam Pitroda’s praise at Texas
event](./read/CBMi3AFBVV95cUxONFpnLUhDaGFwWDFkTkNLckotS083c3A4TGJuemVvVHllS091a1FVM1U4VnRLVU0yNEFGZ2kxVUZVX0VvZTRfRFJiSmNyWmJaWXpWNFd5bGhfVXFZek0yaURHZkhCZDB2WWpCNk5YeXMyUDF5a0xORHJfaWR4ZVhMXzhlXzJ2clZVSURJQ1Y0UUF1Q01Rb0xWNHdKUmxwZFJHak5IRUlwRGE3WnNLek01aGN5RW5Ndmp4VnVlV05nM2ZidlQzczZDSkRyNy1sVE9XSU1weGczTEEtMGND?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxPWUdqNHgzajhIVUwtY2o0NWFwZ0V2dmY5Ujg4OGcxcDZ0VllmVC00QlV2WFlyR0VPYzREME1vcFhQcW5xUS12NGtkOGlSMHllbVItQlNmRXMwbWR0M0luMm5qVFFwaDEtbjBEdmZGMlFablNFdXNaQlZxeWlpUjNJR1B3TEp5UkM0R056Vk5vMG5yaWV3UmtzY2lVQUc5bXV5MG9CSmNlR18zTVh1UjhyRlhfbFY?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Sam Pitroda in Texas: 'Rahul Gandhi is no Pappu, he
is...'](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxPWUdqNHgzajhIVUwtY2o0NWFwZ0V2dmY5Ujg4OGcxcDZ0VllmVC00QlV2WFlyR0VPYzREME1vcFhQcW5xUS12NGtkOGlSMHllbVItQlNmRXMwbWR0M0luMm5qVFFwaDEtbjBEdmZGMlFablNFdXNaQlZxeWlpUjNJR1B3TEp5UkM0R056Vk5vMG5yaWV3UmtzY2lVQUc5bXV5MG9CSmNlR18zTVh1UjhyRlhfbFY?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pZam9XbkRCSFcxMnhIX25FaS1DZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxQRzQ2LXZxdURRb3FBRlhiOE81bmlXcEVycDZOSTJfUHZsVENqTkNWVWRRbXZpZTJKMEp2SE1Oc3pCQVZhWldFN2sybTI2aEpRcmxlUnVHSVY2cUkxODg4OG1CNm9MOXJBUkdQNmx2dF9jLWlINVNFTlRTLTBVVTREdUoxSF9ZM3dsVDh1dHJkbXBJNFQtUml1SmhlZmJEUTNaTE5lR19pcy1WSHNkVHF6cThvTURnX1NIc2wwZnJTTVE3anpMUlY3NQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNXJiMlF6VkdWU2RqVklhbXN6VFJDb0FSaXJBaWdCTWdrQlVKSWxxS2VoeUFJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Infiltration bid foiled at Nowshera in poll-bound J&K, two terrorists
killed](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxQRzQ2LXZxdURRb3FBRlhiOE81bmlXcEVycDZOSTJfUHZsVENqTkNWVWRRbXZpZTJKMEp2SE1Oc3pCQVZhWldFN2sybTI2aEpRcmxlUnVHSVY2cUkxODg4OG1CNm9MOXJBUkdQNmx2dF9jLWlINVNFTlRTLTBVVTREdUoxSF9ZM3dsVDh1dHJkbXBJNFQtUml1SmhlZmJEUTNaTE5lR19pcy1WSHNkVHF6cThvTURnX1NIc2wwZnJTTVE3anpMUlY3NQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxNdHcxYVB0OXhadHRsblYyUzVnbHFNN0xQMjRhRFlqU05YV2xObmItbXMxb3hZZm5ZU1VoZzh4cHB5Y1ZWcFJQdl8wSzJ2cFZmTHBTb3JKTGFWVkdmMmQ0b1UtaXRoZE9YaXlWeGc0TDdvcXVkQ0ZZcTc1TzE3NTV1TFRNQi1BWUZNTXRhODNSaWFoOGNuZklwSHJsX3NLRGJxdXBFNzVoUktnQ0VsQTJRb1d6NFUzTk10MWtucGVmdlZRZmVHYThRdWZsTXJfd2ZwbG5lRF9R?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deccanherald.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Deccan Herald

More

[Two terrorists killed as Army foils infiltration bid along LoC in J&K's
Rajouri](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxNdHcxYVB0OXhadHRsblYyUzVnbHFNN0xQMjRhRFlqU05YV2xObmItbXMxb3hZZm5ZU1VoZzh4cHB5Y1ZWcFJQdl8wSzJ2cFZmTHBTb3JKTGFWVkdmMmQ0b1UtaXRoZE9YaXlWeGc0TDdvcXVkQ0ZZcTc1TzE3NTV1TFRNQi1BWUZNTXRhODNSaWFoOGNuZklwSHJsX3NLRGJxdXBFNzVoUktnQ0VsQTJRb1d6NFUzTk10MWtucGVmdlZRZmVHYThRdWZsTXJfd2ZwbG5lRF9R?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOWjRZX1A2aWdvZUxMZmVLUG9rWFpDWVlKZGdpMzJycVpHZTcwSm9kbzVJcG9nNVplWG82TTQtRTNSb3gwOWxNdTktd2t6LTF2eGhHdDhDLUtHSTBrVDRRMTU2Y3YyU0dheTg5VGg5d1dkaUhCeXVRaWdDYkZjTW9INlMtTjZjcVhFaUpLVjZCWnd4ZkktaVBzaXJCdDBZSU9lNUdLSE1UVFBlUGdhOTc1eS13Ym9HckZlVkN6VWp6WnFjZjFOY2thOQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Indian army kills two suspected militants in
Kashmir](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOWjRZX1A2aWdvZUxMZmVLUG9rWFpDWVlKZGdpMzJycVpHZTcwSm9kbzVJcG9nNVplWG82TTQtRTNSb3gwOWxNdTktd2t6LTF2eGhHdDhDLUtHSTBrVDRRMTU2Y3YyU0dheTg5VGg5d1dkaUhCeXVRaWdDYkZjTW9INlMtTjZjcVhFaUpLVjZCWnd4ZkktaVBzaXJCdDBZSU9lNUdLSE1UVFBlUGdhOTc1eS13Ym9HckZlVkN6VWp6WnFjZjFOY2thOQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

52 minutes ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Infiltration Bid Foiled In Jammu And Kashmir, 2 Terrorists With AK-47s
Killed](./read/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxPTHJDUm5aaTdhOHBVX2djb1ItN2ZTbHc3S2NKbmN2TF9laFR6Q0pSTXZlZ0VtSlY1LVZJRmRpS3FHQ0pNcFp0RzJJN2ZHazJCbW5VamNKQ0EzWnVyaENURVAweTNPc3RfTmtpMWxkUHVkblZqUUJWT0RnNk5WLTNQd3E5MnhSbXM5U3FBRUlJM0V1VEpXTnFkbkJoLS1CRkxCa2prbUJLVVl4SXRBeXBCd3VsWFZXWTZMeGtJWW40SFFXd2vSAcsBQVVfeXFMTld6eXVDWXA5SDF5a01oU3NIZzZERW1tRWFFbXhVNVhYUHB2TkZZTXFJVUVpb3g2Qk9zU3FhOGJvM18zZW40eExndVFMYjNoNGNyRUlKZDBTYmVwUkthOVVubjN3Z08yQUdBTHBNc3hOSWk4b085dDlWY3ZPMWZSOHo1MHEwZzF5d3NQYUVRMFlFdnd3eXJPMXhlS19yU002cG1jS1F1THNDTDg5QnJpNFpDb3NBM210RVF2dDAtdmtyMFBPSzlseHo2Rm8?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Nazir Ahmad Masoodi

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lTazdTbERCR1ZNRllwRFRzOXdDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXhkRlprYzJwSFNVOW9Nems0VFJDZkF4amlCU2dLTWdZbEZwenNtUWs=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[‘Someone on his way out’: Akhilesh Yadav’s latest jab at Uttar Pradesh CM
Yogi
Adityanath](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Not offended by remarks made by someone on his way out: Akhilesh Yadav
attacks Yogi Adityanath](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxOTXhPS2JHSXd6VDl4SkluRzgxRzhvRlNlNVVtMkhMdzdUZWNfc3FSSWlNT2tDTzVkSzJzandCdVV2SnM3NU1INGFCbXBRcnR1X19iZGZ6UzBPV0tudzg2Ukp5WFdHYkJra1VlUlJwMGNxeEtCdzg2cUdKRmI2a0tMSDVQRWlxcHVOZW55cV9sZmt4b1dLYnBOYkRvdC1DRGlIOGNocjVuTHBhMGJTTmhQcnpESnM3WnNRYkpEUzlSOV9Tb0NjM0RwTnBjRTM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[They are troubled by death of dacoit: Adityanath targets SP over Sultanpur
encounter](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxOTXhPS2JHSXd6VDl4SkluRzgxRzhvRlNlNVVtMkhMdzdUZWNfc3FSSWlNT2tDTzVkSzJzandCdVV2SnM3NU1INGFCbXBRcnR1X19iZGZ6UzBPV0tudzg2Ukp5WFdHYkJra1VlUlJwMGNxeEtCdzg2cUdKRmI2a0tMSDVQRWlxcHVOZW55cV9sZmt4b1dLYnBOYkRvdC1DRGlIOGNocjVuTHBhMGJTTmhQcnpESnM3WnNRYkpEUzlSOV9Tb0NjM0RwTnBjRTM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

* * *

Opinion

[](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQYTQ4M0wwREJ4UnlDei02eERRcDFCcjc1QjVxZ05maUg1cG5TTFlRZmZSUzNqZ0FFSWM4LVhBSkl2U3BSNHhwLTlBejF0ak1nMGxBdHA1VXNtbzBvYlZZWHhKcXZiMjFwUTgzR2lKWmFNOC1TeFBnbzNyaW96V3NlY0s5UDA2TWE3Vm9YY1pHN2lzWW1GOS1VcWFDdWxWMUp3RXhKbUhiaw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Video | CM Yogi's Jab At Opposition: "Before 2017, Mafias Ran Parallel Government .."](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQYTQ4M0wwREJ4UnlDei02eERRcDFCcjc1QjVxZ05maUg1cG5TTFlRZmZSUzNqZ0FFSWM4LVhBSkl2U3BSNHhwLTlBejF0ak1nMGxBdHA1VXNtbzBvYlZZWHhKcXZiMjFwUTgzR2lKWmFNOC1TeFBnbzNyaW96V3NlY0s5UDA2TWE3Vm9YY1pHN2lzWW1GOS1VcWFDdWxWMUp3RXhKbUhiaw?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pKNE5LaERCRk5RWVZKODRzRHRTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi3AFBVV95cUxPRkJXbGhfMjV3MzRIdWtSNHlXemJLRXpDOTNkQTAtamtRdDlCVmJ3WW5vVFI3OUpFaVBpMEV3YTNsS1Vib2ZnbmFtS2RfQXF1eDJ4c0Z5aHJQbTRaUVd3TzB3aTlxS0hDTWdOd3pSZ3hHYVZKXy1QUnFoZWlqZk0xTTFfZlUyRjN2emR1X0gwU3VrbmlhTHNhT19oQUkyeVJ2RnFoa2V0ZkZkMHVFLS1fVXFDZ3d0bHozQ1owZFBGSjR5UnNxLUdGdmxoUlFlR0tvalFDV2xlcEstQ1R10gHiAUFVX3lxTE9GTlZ0SUpzWEdlSEZXVnlOTUY4YktGa1VnTmJTTm5faHl1V3JTRVpkYW56c3JfanNELVJucGhNcktnamlId1N3N1VHdGI2ODNZUnltY3N1R0d1ME1oTU5vTWxTZWZzSGtjTzNmVnhBZV9LT04xVWxmM1ZPdmNSWDRNWWtJYnBtWGduT190OURFYVBjNWxaelJKcThoT0tUQUZ1YnU3dDl6OURxdGJLZjQ3d1MtTTEzTHNucXpQVmpXd2hyd3FsRV9rWUVodnRzZGgtSjd0aElsak52TmhFbDM2S0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNWZNMUZzVVdWcFpEUTRURkZoVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhbE5aanRIUWs=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Manipur CM Biren meets governor again, said to have sought end to truce
pacts](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Kangkan Kalita

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

["Seems They Traversed Long Distance...": Manipur Police On What Happened In
Jiribam](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

* * *

By Debanish Achom and Ratnadip Choudhury

[](./read/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxNZkp5Tlc4dG9fcFRPRTlSUExLTFozNVZ1c1dBbXVHUGM0S0VKemtwOFMtNnFkaE94b0pvOHdDallMLXA4RTE1Y3RFWjNiMTR6MTNEaFAxeW9EeEppeFVrNi1uN1RXWDJOYnVkMXVtOTZqaGhnd2J6RGU5TVFrNUVUZjZZTmQyNEJfRGFIMmRudlJlMzk2LWF3elZnZ2pJZ1F0X3RYSGxoZWNVd2tXN25qdExYdW1QeWU1LURsRmJKXzhYVkZ4RXk4SU9HMDNTMjBQREE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Manipur CM demands handover of unified command amid escalated
violence](./read/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxNZkp5Tlc4dG9fcFRPRTlSUExLTFozNVZ1c1dBbXVHUGM0S0VKemtwOFMtNnFkaE94b0pvOHdDallMLXA4RTE1Y3RFWjNiMTR6MTNEaFAxeW9EeEppeFVrNi1uN1RXWDJOYnVkMXVtOTZqaGhnd2J6RGU5TVFrNUVUZjZZTmQyNEJfRGFIMmRudlJlMzk2LWF3elZnZ2pJZ1F0X3RYSGxoZWNVd2tXN25qdExYdW1QeWU1LURsRmJKXzhYVkZ4RXk4SU9HMDNTMjBQREE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

16 hours ago

* * *

By Thomas Ngangom

[](./read/CBMizwFBVV95cUxNLXFpVTI3MTFaR19nZnJlbXFSdGJlMzVoMjFJdmowVlJxNU1Oekk0Vm01UUFTWjZEV1Q1cGJxRWhZX2phd3ZhMmJnSldXb3dwSnlKVldkRUZXNWliNE1nVHlDU3ZDRVdGejhhTlJoZFg4Skp0MEo2eEVIVndUZXJIc1oxRU9yMWlDeWI2bGJ2dmRUSGhoeF9wM2RSekZBSGlVQUt1YWczempKLVRYeWRwZlZtS0lZWlZEZ25sV08tX25Bd0VHd05MeGtfc2JCRzA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Video: Manipur women stage protest march against ongoing violence in the
state](./read/CBMizwFBVV95cUxNLXFpVTI3MTFaR19nZnJlbXFSdGJlMzVoMjFJdmowVlJxNU1Oekk0Vm01UUFTWjZEV1Q1cGJxRWhZX2phd3ZhMmJnSldXb3dwSnlKVldkRUZXNWliNE1nVHlDU3ZDRVdGejhhTlJoZFg4Skp0MEo2eEVIVndUZXJIc1oxRU9yMWlDeWI2bGJ2dmRUSGhoeF9wM2RSekZBSGlVQUt1YWczempKLVRYeWRwZlZtS0lZWlZEZ25sV08tX25Bd0VHd05MeGtfc2JCRzA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pQeF91Y0RCRnlKSE50ZFpjMHRTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNXBZakkyVEZscVgzQTBXV1EyVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdtRlVKYmxLaWdtU1FJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KWKtiaerfOnNxQfpRY5T_b-A6Fl2r2RDpTumesYVdF8wcgqQiBklPObMDBVQ4DBDDWeKKewE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AID0uysSyBsg6HwQ-
jsptvWM7981kzsKJ4zsXk2TzIUmqilV6LsNokBQLzdbzIvW_YaK4-t7QA=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Traitor can't understand RSS: Union Minister on Rahul Gandhi's remarks in
US](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Manisha Pandey

[](./read/CBMirAFBVV95cUxPUm41amRaQVg5U3J6UkFWRlVmVGlya2J2LUp2UW8tQWotWEtZR015cGNabkZpVlpXVlR3czNpUkNseHNIWlBCYjRWa3dNNUhXT0k3S0twc2QtYlBvQXdxNFB1WVpVaXlucVpNX0hzTXZkVzFlMWlnbmtCWGV2WTFUTXJzT0dISzdPZWplQ2MwdGF2QmtaUjdVdzdKZVdqY0o4V3dVOEt4T2JJUWRf?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Rahul Gandhi Says "Fear Of PM" Gone, BJP Flags "Habit Of Insulting
India"](./read/CBMirAFBVV95cUxPUm41amRaQVg5U3J6UkFWRlVmVGlya2J2LUp2UW8tQWotWEtZR015cGNabkZpVlpXVlR3czNpUkNseHNIWlBCYjRWa3dNNUhXT0k3S0twc2QtYlBvQXdxNFB1WVpVaXlucVpNX0hzTXZkVzFlMWlnbmtCWGV2WTFUTXJzT0dISzdPZWplQ2MwdGF2QmtaUjdVdzdKZVdqY0o4V3dVOEt4T2JJUWRf?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Saikat Kumar Bose

[](./read/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxPTnFqd29WVnUyMUJiWm9tcTlobVJELUdWdjVQOUFreW9CckFScE9VMk1FZTFwQVlQRnctenZhWXNzbmhGNnJKSlI2UUw3NHB0TVpHNFFEbUZnakp6ZGU0TUx4YUhEU0xSYVVpX0hLbW13bExFV1FCeXAtZUJuTlVHWlU0RTI5ZExReXlDUmtfcEJqRHFPVzJMRGxDb1VCNW85UVJQd1hZSzNfVmJWUi1kS0VFMERuU1ktdWI0NmY4dFZuMVk3MHZ5dWxwQ196R2Y3aklxdzBCWDZycXpnZGFxUFhQbHhNX3cxVDhULW13?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['Goes abroad only to defame India': BJP hits back after Rahul Gandhi slams
RSS, PM Modi in
US](./read/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxPTnFqd29WVnUyMUJiWm9tcTlobVJELUdWdjVQOUFreW9CckFScE9VMk1FZTFwQVlQRnctenZhWXNzbmhGNnJKSlI2UUw3NHB0TVpHNFFEbUZnakp6ZGU0TUx4YUhEU0xSYVVpX0hLbW13bExFV1FCeXAtZUJuTlVHWlU0RTI5ZExReXlDUmtfcEJqRHFPVzJMRGxDb1VCNW85UVJQd1hZSzNfVmJWUi1kS0VFMERuU1ktdWI0NmY4dFZuMVk3MHZ5dWxwQ196R2Y3aklxdzBCWDZycXpnZGFxUFhQbHhNX3cxVDhULW13?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQMG01ekZOdzZBMkFsTjVTY1NDQk56dWNyczhORERpVzQxYXJObmFqVEhQWVJrV2FWcW04S2dKWjd3bzNMdFhtNVg0SjhGT0xYSUt0QmdTZjY0c2VyNVpxNGJoUmh6Skc5alAtRFdYNXBqRm1aNURUWUhsZFRUT3NraVFMQkFYVDRVeUFzTnAwbnAzVVBmMll1cVJaYkU4bHpxYjFicjU4MVY1OVptWkEzZkpmWEdxb1VIS0c4cmZhQ2VKS25fc1c3dHl3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[‘Ask your grandmother about RSS’: Giriraj Singh's swipe at Rahul
Gandhi](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQMG01ekZOdzZBMkFsTjVTY1NDQk56dWNyczhORERpVzQxYXJObmFqVEhQWVJrV2FWcW04S2dKWjd3bzNMdFhtNVg0SjhGT0xYSUt0QmdTZjY0c2VyNVpxNGJoUmh6Skc5alAtRFdYNXBqRm1aNURUWUhsZFRUT3NraVFMQkFYVDRVeUFzTnAwbnAzVVBmMll1cVJaYkU4bHpxYjFicjU4MVY1OVptWkEzZkpmWEdxb1VIS0c4cmZhQ2VKS25fc1c3dHl3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Sohil Sehran

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pyam9XbkRCR0dtTFpBTkdfNmJpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNWtSRGRJY0hoSmVXcHpZM1ZpVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZdGRaS3ZMUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Haryana Assembly polls: Turncoats, former CM’s grandson in Congress second
list](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

[](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOVy1NemxYc2pDYllDSVFGaks5TkRqbWR5VktrNXN5NjFwNkNzUDhaWVVGd2g2Vjg1X2h4cEJQdHhqQVdkOFNhVjRIY0szWlFJWFZNc0wyU09OalhPc2owZ1ZxXzFRaHlMbDZOdTBXdE9OSS1RQUpfRS1ISlpsZll5OTF0OHpULUFEbDdvSXJCcnFjakRHcmZ3QVdmLXgyOEdOZkVmT3N1Ulp3N0I3bXlvSEItMkhkUnp4WGM4QUdjR1VfeFdGRjdZ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Ready to contest all seats: Haryana AAP's evening deadline for Congress poll
pact](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOVy1NemxYc2pDYllDSVFGaks5TkRqbWR5VktrNXN5NjFwNkNzUDhaWVVGd2g2Vjg1X2h4cEJQdHhqQVdkOFNhVjRIY0szWlFJWFZNc0wyU09OalhPc2owZ1ZxXzFRaHlMbDZOdTBXdE9OSS1RQUpfRS1ISlpsZll5OTF0OHpULUFEbDdvSXJCcnFjakRHcmZ3QVdmLXgyOEdOZkVmT3N1Ulp3N0I3bXlvSEItMkhkUnp4WGM4QUdjR1VfeFdGRjdZ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Ajmal Aramam

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Haryana assembly election: AAP prepared with seats, to announce candidates
upon approval, says Sanjay
Sing](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

44 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi9AFBVV95cUxPVEM4YnhJYzV5NXpUWWIwT3c5Skd3VlFMZkJNZ0w0amtBQUlMc2RuZmtSTThrbUVIUnctX0czSXpoZkpZTU9tdHhaM0FJOWFvODdPRVVDSXZYOTg1SzZvM082RUQtQTdfa0I2M0ctbDBQUHluRkkyOFpTWWgzeHNJR3puTkhwZEdUZnJtQTJuQnlLcUloVmNkN2JRTHplYk9DczhrbFhRYlJoaU9QWG9PaFFCTk44cEw1bW42VmYzUVFjbE1hZ2ZvTzRWTEwwRzE1ckg2NzFtYXFMYUhCelhsbmZaNUhrTm9PZ09wZ212TTFEUTZL?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Kalayat, 1 seat in Kurukshetra region: AAP firm on key Haryana seats in poll
alliance talks with
Congress](./read/CBMi9AFBVV95cUxPVEM4YnhJYzV5NXpUWWIwT3c5Skd3VlFMZkJNZ0w0amtBQUlMc2RuZmtSTThrbUVIUnctX0czSXpoZkpZTU9tdHhaM0FJOWFvODdPRVVDSXZYOTg1SzZvM082RUQtQTdfa0I2M0ctbDBQUHluRkkyOFpTWWgzeHNJR3puTkhwZEdUZnJtQTJuQnlLcUloVmNkN2JRTHplYk9DczhrbFhRYlJoaU9QWG9PaFFCTk44cEw1bW42VmYzUVFjbE1hZ2ZvTzRWTEwwRzE1ckg2NzFtYXFMYUhCelhsbmZaNUhrTm9PZ09wZ212TTFEUTZL?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pSN2VXaURCRUF0bjlmQ1h6aHVpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXhURzlITUMxcFNGZHNOR1J6VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhWmRKQnVxUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JufTzTMu9l6RFyXEEfl6ZPdS7xjYhoSXVmDHURyphjVSNK2zH8uWdyJKd9gg0YOYUCop4Alylis=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/L1imb9PspOXypQXjt3yPQrnXFfVcixw7dkjrigkUH53Cpc4AsiTyoxBk5FT4icBvXqYVEPNy=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[BJP issues 'gag order' on Brij Bhushan after his 'Pandavas used Draupadi' jibe against Vinesh Phogat, Bajrang Punia | Mint](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 hours ago

* * *

By Fareha Naaz

[](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOSHlBT1B5RUU2cEhVYXBfNHRUU2Q5dTJPQko1d015VWpHVG5OSld1OXlNdmFBQkdJdkI3enZ5aFlyRDdibUtUb2VpQnNVUC1OOVdFS24yNjlEOGlpTW83S3A2ZlVfWmlFcjI0ZlNSUC1TSWpTb3BpdG9xU3JqOXhaYk9tNjlGNUs2V0NxMTVwSE1nSWgtdGthOHVJOENYNHJON0I3Q1FTMW83cWlBd3NiRVdhNnJ0c2hIMFR1eGxHTGJ6S0p5V09z?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[BJP's Gag Order On Brij Bhushan As Wrestlers Join Congress Ahead Of Haryana
Polls:
Sources](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOSHlBT1B5RUU2cEhVYXBfNHRUU2Q5dTJPQko1d015VWpHVG5OSld1OXlNdmFBQkdJdkI3enZ5aFlyRDdibUtUb2VpQnNVUC1OOVdFS24yNjlEOGlpTW83S3A2ZlVfWmlFcjI0ZlNSUC1TSWpTb3BpdG9xU3JqOXhaYk9tNjlGNUs2V0NxMTVwSE1nSWgtdGthOHVJOENYNHJON0I3Q1FTMW83cWlBd3NiRVdhNnJ0c2hIMFR1eGxHTGJ6S0p5V09z?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

* * *

By Debanish Achom and Vasudha Venugopal

[](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxNNzN5VEh6UjcyRURlNXJ1U1ZWS1lfQmVlMndjNnBxcWx6NjA0dTFlU1NNNTJVSlhZQkcxWTYydVhWT29KTUtneUZpLUtSQVhUTkZWd18wUk92NzNFa0Z3ejRUOHRrcDFWa2gxdk54UzdWbGNPOFMwSXE3OERDS053Y0xLQ3BfendnaF9LakloMV96SHJFOFR3MzB6Y3FMQW9selVZbHBjNDA5d3BSYWVMcVpVYmE1TkRDd0FNcmJZaHJVa2x4Wnl2Z2pnZGI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Opinion: Vinesh Phogat boosts Congress in Jat belt. Can she deliver
Haryana?](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxNNzN5VEh6UjcyRURlNXJ1U1ZWS1lfQmVlMndjNnBxcWx6NjA0dTFlU1NNNTJVSlhZQkcxWTYydVhWT29KTUtneUZpLUtSQVhUTkZWd18wUk92NzNFa0Z3ejRUOHRrcDFWa2gxdk54UzdWbGNPOFMwSXE3OERDS053Y0xLQ3BfendnaF9LakloMV96SHJFOFR3MzB6Y3FMQW9selVZbHBjNDA5d3BSYWVMcVpVYmE1TkRDd0FNcmJZaHJVa2x4Wnl2Z2pnZGI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

Opinion

* * *

By Amitabh Tiwari

[](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOMHBCMHV4RU1tQjVwX1lHOE1Ba2pkck1XU0F1ZThaTVA3cnZ4NDNpcHNQdDgxV25QdEc0TS1aZV9GQWZjaVo2UnZvQkNxVnVKSzZqUTlydUp4MkJDeVh5QWF6M0JCMy05VThfazd0cjJnUl9XOEFJT2JyYmZGUW1BenJsTEJhcHFKSzNGMzNzY091M1kyQjR1VWQwM1pfSkRVd2xGS2dUd2pNRmdwTU9YalZEaWMtWmxJRlRNVjhZQmZCWWtCcjhzMw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Julana welcomes their bahu, ‘In Vinesh, we will elect a minister not an
MLA’](./read/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOMHBCMHV4RU1tQjVwX1lHOE1Ba2pkck1XU0F1ZThaTVA3cnZ4NDNpcHNQdDgxV25QdEc0TS1aZV9GQWZjaVo2UnZvQkNxVnVKSzZqUTlydUp4MkJDeVh5QWF6M0JCMy05VThfazd0cjJnUl9XOEFJT2JyYmZGUW1BenJsTEJhcHFKSzNGMzNzY091M1kyQjR1VWQwM1pfSkRVd2xGS2dUd2pNRmdwTU9YalZEaWMtWmxJRlRNVjhZQmZCWWtCcjhzMw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

11 hours ago

* * *

By Sukhbir Siwach

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2phejlpWkRCSFZncS16Mm01ZHRTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXRjVFExY0dWSk1rSTJWa2h0VFJDeUF4akNCU2dLTWdZSkVhRG1tQW8=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Why It Took 2,000 Cops To Arrest Pastor On FBI's Most Wanted
List](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Pushkar Tiwari

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Self-proclaimed ‘Son of God’ Apollo Quiboloy arrested: Here's why it took
2,000 cops to capture FBI’s
most](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPTG45OHBra25LbmJHdC1GemVzek5LODRsOGR4SnZoa1otdl9yQ1lPaEdjNjJLaHpEMjdHVi1NSFRHbjNXNl8yUnRyZS16WWpOMTRIa0UwX2ZDZ1ZWUk91TEJ1dkJQaDJ0UF96OE9ib3l4ZXZ4dzRCSC1WQXRJczhaZnh3WEQ0cGtDc0x0VmcwR2hreGU3LUZSRFY0OXlFRXlkOUdidUR1Yl9pY1lwOUFyWFhVdlZXSHVJVUtSeG9tMURSanl0S3UwMmZvalk1ZHB6NVlv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.theguardian.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Guardian

More

[Celebrity ‘son of God’ pastor surrenders to Philippines police after two-week
manhunt](./read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPTG45OHBra25LbmJHdC1GemVzek5LODRsOGR4SnZoa1otdl9yQ1lPaEdjNjJLaHpEMjdHVi1NSFRHbjNXNl8yUnRyZS16WWpOMTRIa0UwX2ZDZ1ZWUk91TEJ1dkJQaDJ0UF96OE9ib3l4ZXZ4dzRCSC1WQXRJczhaZnh3WEQ0cGtDc0x0VmcwR2hreGU3LUZSRFY0OXlFRXlkOUdidUR1Yl9pY1lwOUFyWFhVdlZXSHVJVUtSeG9tMURSanl0S3UwMmZvalk1ZHB6NVlv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

8 hours ago

* * *

By Rebecca Ratcliffe

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Who is Apollo Quiboloy? Self-proclaimed 'appointed son of God' arrested in
Philippines amidst US sex
traf](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

47 minutes ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pSdC0yaURCSHFvZFVLRWhCdDdTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNTBOMmhvTlZGNWJXbElTbFJwVFJDeUF4akNCU2dLTWdZVmNvQ01OUVU=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Apple Event 2024: iPhone 16 Launch And What Else To Expect. Your Questions
Answered](./read/CBMivgFBVV95cUxPcFJoZm92Nk41SjFlajJ6eDd5WGdrYVJYLXpFM3A0TEtTbEhWSWFfUEJPRWYyczY3QXdnZG15WVl4V2M5VG03MmVxS0JRTW9vWUFSeE9ZR3dpcFducEF0WFNLeEJldjhzUkh1dXR5bUlUMGhxYTRrQ20tWWNBZ3RBdWcxSE52VENCT2N3UXJGa2xRRW81LWtjNVAzMzBWRDBYbFNkRGdaSldmYTRDUGxsZUVpcHp4THNMaFdGUGhn0gHGAUFVX3lxTE5EM3hJbkhfU2x3MnMyVHdNNTA1ajkxZm9DckJOVndGeU45Wk1yV1JnNFJISU9yNTZLXzdzUzJvY05PbVhMRU5qV2NwUkNKbTcxM0o2YVZoRUdhLWw3UHNXRzFWaVJueEoxS2ZUSTFOUkNRRFVoX1Z2MmRNckJ2eDg2YlZZVGo3NG9PT1BVLTZhZHAtM3VFb2VsUzY5OWtETmZBOFJFb1AyQTJsdWUyX2JBa0RrMHRhT2VjcHZXczRkUlZJWHRhUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxQUnRlNlBaeVozTThtVWZ0T0MzUzlMd1Q2VnpWdW43NERxRzVYR3d6a2Y2bzRXT2lRZWg5QXl1VWhmbXhIelRYQWlrZEt0WDh1QVhxamNUVERlSnhydUZCOGxnalBWZkNPWUtTbGdJbWd0cDgwTW1HNmlwc0tOTjZFRF92SlVKdmd4M1pGUFlrY3lEVUtjZlM0MUNYeWFkVDF0b1Q4Z3p2OWxCdlJ6NmdwZ1BLMmVhd25HU2RRck5hRHlBMUlnVDM3dUYxcG1YYVlSWTRkM1gxTWZfRURpOU5SREgtdG50WmdJbEF5aHRDWm9XOTRZcHNFTTI2TUR0UnZHc1RyZHVrMA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[iPhone 16 Pro price leaked ahead of launch today. Everything we know so
far](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxQUnRlNlBaeVozTThtVWZ0T0MzUzlMd1Q2VnpWdW43NERxRzVYR3d6a2Y2bzRXT2lRZWg5QXl1VWhmbXhIelRYQWlrZEt0WDh1QVhxamNUVERlSnhydUZCOGxnalBWZkNPWUtTbGdJbWd0cDgwTW1HNmlwc0tOTjZFRF92SlVKdmd4M1pGUFlrY3lEVUtjZlM0MUNYeWFkVDF0b1Q4Z3p2OWxCdlJ6NmdwZ1BLMmVhd25HU2RRck5hRHlBMUlnVDM3dUYxcG1YYVlSWTRkM1gxTWZfRURpOU5SREgtdG50WmdJbEF5aHRDWm9XOTRZcHNFTTI2TUR0UnZHc1RyZHVrMA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Apple bidding goodbye to iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 14
Plus](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 minutes ago

* * *

By Divya Bhati

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Apple iPhone 16 launch: Here is expected new price for iPhone 15, 14, 13, in
India](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lLNEtPa0RCRS05cnVEYmhBMk95Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxNMnNsV0tUM0xfUmpmX0RFblVZWWkzbVlqQjh6c19PdV81NWtpZEJ5UjRzMzBVZVdSVXN2SjBTMkQxaGRsOV9OS1JNdmhrd2g3YjcweUJHcVBkNkhJc2dVWFhBTlUxQjY1NElpeHktdTVOVS1kX1FBUnl5M1N6VG1JQjltVkdBNU5LR1NwRC1HWVJFRS1pSUk1aklIX1V5Z1NlS0NLRXJBdUZvM3dUcFRJZTBHTmVfcVVMX1lkbDNBXzF4UVREdmNyZ0VpYk5sUk0xVFZjMHd5YlpkTGQyTVg4ZDlQUHcyNWREc0NxZg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVlTR3RPYjJKSGJHeDNkREprVFJEQ0FSaURBaWdCTWdhUllaRFVKQWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[GST Council to deliberate on taxation of insurance premium, report on online
gaming](./read/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxNMnNsV0tUM0xfUmpmX0RFblVZWWkzbVlqQjh6c19PdV81NWtpZEJ5UjRzMzBVZVdSVXN2SjBTMkQxaGRsOV9OS1JNdmhrd2g3YjcweUJHcVBkNkhJc2dVWFhBTlUxQjY1NElpeHktdTVOVS1kX1FBUnl5M1N6VG1JQjltVkdBNU5LR1NwRC1HWVJFRS1pSUk1aklIX1V5Z1NlS0NLRXJBdUZvM3dUcFRJZTBHTmVfcVVMX1lkbDNBXzF4UVREdmNyZ0VpYk5sUk0xVFZjMHd5YlpkTGQyTVg4ZDlQUHcyNWREc0NxZg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](./read/CBMikwJBVV95cUxOSFNhV3M0WXFMcmVkVU05aEdHSTNFOFBXcklEcEFmY0FHREk2ZTdYako5dDBELTNjcTJIREhYd3JUOVJ2QW5SOHlwd2xoSWRCeS1nNWZyY19JRTlVeG1pVXUtSWJsZlhpbVFIS2ozeGhISm5EVzB4UlI0c0FLMjdWb3dlTVcybTc2R015Wmttb19QQmFsVFFWS0hNZ0V6ZDNEY1Z3aFRLSVRubVhPRnBZZnI5d3U3elpzV1VRYVhRR0REVERMS3ZKUWRCWXVwTW4wN0ViWVQ0S2dkTWk1eTJOOXViMHBQUDFyTHE0YVhIRnZCdkdMMDFwdUlVdDdtR08wTy1iRU1IRUFnTXBJcWJxTk02NNIBmAJBVV95cUxQY0tHWXAxWHExblVwSWtaZy1wYjZjRURvRGxuMng4YXVzUU5vRUhPT0dudGVpSVpNZjhCbERPN0VZQ25GYkJlMm9XbTIxOFBYYzlRZVRKRVRSYUdxY29VSlRVV0t1MkpCaGpUSDcwT18xeS1oZ1NVdGtxeHluRTlMUGNNQWwtSDZZVllkQnJVTE5ZbmN5cVVvZTdDRElrbjR6VlVxMFFHNG9jLTlRaGJKUHl6NWNPR2NBdVpNaGNRM1RoQUpzZXdJMTI3WEdVWHRwc2VXYkxma1BSMVlPQms5eUUxNDZud2UyMlM4VldzaWM5bU4xOVpRX0pwOG0tX09wTEh0bEdDTGpyYktLSDlIU1IweE42Wm1f?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[GST Council Meeting LIVE: Insurance tax cuts, online gaming revenues, and
digital transaction charges on
agend](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOUUxTdk42cHh2YThucFpvbFU2aGNKQkFEeHF0Y2pqX01VMUQ4N1RLZnV3UHlnZG9SVjYyZmlQN1hmcHlJZmdERXRObkd1MnFMTjIyQnIyaUdsWVBtOW5vV3JBUW5oeTg2eXJFRUkxWXdEczRveUR6NkVMRzJaTlRBdXFRZGV4WnB0VUxGRmRnYnV2dlEyNEZQbHhtVkdEbjNsM0k5bTgxamNBc2Q5aU1OeDNfVGg0UEhvbHVBUmhQSThiblhyelFBWFN3ejVSU1ZPQVhQY3B6UjBiQ3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Online gaming industry eyes relief as stakeholders await GST Council
review](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOUUxTdk42cHh2YThucFpvbFU2aGNKQkFEeHF0Y2pqX01VMUQ4N1RLZnV3UHlnZG9SVjYyZmlQN1hmcHlJZmdERXRObkd1MnFMTjIyQnIyaUdsWVBtOW5vV3JBUW5oeTg2eXJFRUkxWXdEczRveUR6NkVMRzJaTlRBdXFRZGV4WnB0VUxGRmRnYnV2dlEyNEZQbHhtVkdEbjNsM0k5bTgxamNBc2Q5aU1OeDNfVGg0UEhvbHVBUmhQSThiblhyelFBWFN3ejVSU1ZPQVhQY3B6UjBiQ3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 minutes ago

* * *

By Nandini Singh

[](./read/CBMi_gFBVV95cUxPNjJIM01CTUYzOHhPdFlpejBiZGV5dXBKOWZwSjFvdmpqeTlhTkpJd1RGV2ZKTTQ4NE1ZMnlBZFZNTHJELUZsNkVBV0MwbWJCMFRVOHpiNVpkNERSazBhdmtESHZieDhxbHFCeUUzSnZwUjhkSEdMZFRFSDhIUXVmS25UNHB0OXJnREtOd09PWDlycUwyWFdORGQwY3hqa2FqRVFjejhKemdSZUI4NnpjMWZUQjBPQWhHdldpM3JsNmZYSHhQUlVtRHNSS3J3S3E3YUwyMDFWQmlVWmJYVFhMZXlSdUdsbFUtbVlLM3AtWHdjclhRR3hmdnVicXZmUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[GST relief for individuals, senior citizens on health insurance premiums?
Decision expected
today](./read/CBMi_gFBVV95cUxPNjJIM01CTUYzOHhPdFlpejBiZGV5dXBKOWZwSjFvdmpqeTlhTkpJd1RGV2ZKTTQ4NE1ZMnlBZFZNTHJELUZsNkVBV0MwbWJCMFRVOHpiNVpkNERSazBhdmtESHZieDhxbHFCeUUzSnZwUjhkSEdMZFRFSDhIUXVmS25UNHB0OXJnREtOd09PWDlycUwyWFdORGQwY3hqa2FqRVFjejhKemdSZUI4NnpjMWZUQjBPQWhHdldpM3JsNmZYSHhQUlVtRHNSS3J3S3E3YUwyMDFWQmlVWmJYVFhMZXlSdUdsbFUtbVlLM3AtWHdjclhRR3hmdnVicXZmUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lSNExLZ0RCSFNvZEN5Yy0xQzJpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNTRVall5UTJsWFIxWlRWVU4wVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdrTk1wQXhGYW1SelFF=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Kalindi Express hits LPG cylinder in UP's Kanpur; FIR lodged, two persons
questioned](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxNOG5YX1A1ck9RYkxFbUlON3owMHNyUHNuMXBPZ3NIalhvX2xSTzZnSHNCNi1YWS14SmpZWng2aVlibUROZmdTMDI4YmhXZEYwZHk1UlZtbC1yNDRzcldDWk1ZYm9DRkhSUXNDWGJSZ2kxbXVLOGE4bDVsNHo1ODBBUTdwVWhXTkJIMkE3Vnh4UjRPSWRJaEtEOHNBLVBmaENpT3c1a3F2NEZqMkZFbHhnRjd1NktnSDNpVHFVM3czRVhFdTd4dkt4OUN3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Attempt Made To Derail Train By Placing LPG Cylinder On Tracks In
Kanpur](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxNOG5YX1A1ck9RYkxFbUlON3owMHNyUHNuMXBPZ3NIalhvX2xSTzZnSHNCNi1YWS14SmpZWng2aVlibUROZmdTMDI4YmhXZEYwZHk1UlZtbC1yNDRzcldDWk1ZYm9DRkhSUXNDWGJSZ2kxbXVLOGE4bDVsNHo1ODBBUTdwVWhXTkJIMkE3Vnh4UjRPSWRJaEtEOHNBLVBmaENpT3c1a3F2NEZqMkZFbHhnRjd1NktnSDNpVHFVM3czRVhFdTd4dkt4OUN3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNb3ZDUHZhcTJWVDhQX1J5b1FxYU5ibnRrenZrd2dlZjdPczdZSTlIaEdlUWRWWkFCWktzUlhHd1pGQkdLSklIZ25aRWFqU2pGbVNlOV9Fc1FTVHl0T3Rjc3FNb05RTlZZWGVVRFVDMEFFMG5wZlZpTGk4WFpMZFl6Ui1ZMGlJamN2b0c4b3U1YkhxcmdaR2xNZ1NKUW5KYmh0cEtqUkdIVVpaR2pGdHVTMC1sNFhlZjNJaFF4RU4xcUl0Y2c0RHN4eU4yRkplYWlpSDFSOGQtUWZvWTVHUG9LUnBZZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Train hits LPG cylinder on rail tracks in Kanpur, cops hint at
sabotage](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNb3ZDUHZhcTJWVDhQX1J5b1FxYU5ibnRrenZrd2dlZjdPczdZSTlIaEdlUWRWWkFCWktzUlhHd1pGQkdLSklIZ25aRWFqU2pGbVNlOV9Fc1FTVHl0T3Rjc3FNb05RTlZZWGVVRFVDMEFFMG5wZlZpTGk4WFpMZFl6Ui1ZMGlJamN2b0c4b3U1YkhxcmdaR2xNZ1NKUW5KYmh0cEtqUkdIVVpaR2pGdHVTMC1sNFhlZjNJaFF4RU4xcUl0Y2c0RHN4eU4yRkplYWlpSDFSOGQtUWZvWTVHUG9LUnBZZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Simer Chawla

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Attempt to derail Kalindi Express was made in
Kanpur](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

11 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2oyaXJ1bkRCRWQ1VnpwRzhySUd5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXVPVVZ5TlhGUmMzcEJabVJJVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhWkpJVE1IUVk=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Heavy rain alert in nine Telangana districts on September
9](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi8AFBVV95cUxQcGFZU2taaEJBSHlvUWZCVUVYVnhrbDktV0dDbmN2c3lld0gwUDI4d0hYZEpCWjFBMFFSemwtMEMzT2ZxckJJLXJzVk9tV0pWU3F3TWpERHN0d0RWZFVOSEw4bmltM3dLR0JidnZySUItNi10QjRJcjJIME1hM0FtSmVLSFB4MTBLdFdjTVhIUzRtZ0lQYjUydFpOb0o4SjRWci1rdkt3Z21aVkt6bWwtN1VlSnU1TkYyNmIybXpqWGNHcnhwOTZmVkV6b2xBeEJpYUt4czRVTHA1TVd5dWdGaExnLWpkZlZqUTFsazFWSlo?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[IMD weather update: Andhra, Telangana on heavy rainfall watch, yellow alert
for Maharashtra,
Uttarakhand](./read/CBMi8AFBVV95cUxQcGFZU2taaEJBSHlvUWZCVUVYVnhrbDktV0dDbmN2c3lld0gwUDI4d0hYZEpCWjFBMFFSemwtMEMzT2ZxckJJLXJzVk9tV0pWU3F3TWpERHN0d0RWZFVOSEw4bmltM3dLR0JidnZySUItNi10QjRJcjJIME1hM0FtSmVLSFB4MTBLdFdjTVhIUzRtZ0lQYjUydFpOb0o4SjRWci1rdkt3Z21aVkt6bWwtN1VlSnU1TkYyNmIybXpqWGNHcnhwOTZmVkV6b2xBeEJpYUt4czRVTHA1TVd5dWdGaExnLWpkZlZqUTFsazFWSlo?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNYldBMUVOZTV2YWRVRXlFWDJRaWdUTmNLeS10R1RSNFFGVlpZN1ljVGhZSzZPdmxCYUl1RjkxYTFPUm85NHZibVViUXJQTVh0M3ItN3lQaUR2cy1LTTMzbzlSLUxCaU1JRmlJVWhTNTBYNWZHUGlNaXMyZlNtSnZVeDlvTWVMbEFSUVNfY3o2bkFZSm5mYmliVjJQWFZJTEo1Q19MTnFHSmVZT2xrZXU2bF8wWWtuOXdZaVB2N19vS0JoWU1IUjJXVHc1M1RaZFp1ZUlzTGtYdXg1elJWS2FKTw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Andhra flood toll rises to 45 as 13 more bodies found; 2 still
missing](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNYldBMUVOZTV2YWRVRXlFWDJRaWdUTmNLeS10R1RSNFFGVlpZN1ljVGhZSzZPdmxCYUl1RjkxYTFPUm85NHZibVViUXJQTVh0M3ItN3lQaUR2cy1LTTMzbzlSLUxCaU1JRmlJVWhTNTBYNWZHUGlNaXMyZlNtSnZVeDlvTWVMbEFSUVNfY3o2bkFZSm5mYmliVjJQWFZJTEo1Q19MTnFHSmVZT2xrZXU2bF8wWWtuOXdZaVB2N19vS0JoWU1IUjJXVHc1M1RaZFp1ZUlzTGtYdXg1elJWS2FKTw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

10 hours ago

* * *

By Madhu Rasala

[](./read/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQOWxzRmJaUG9ibXV4aG51WDVmcWpVWU5qSGFvZnFRblQzeDBpajdXSm00bFY3TDBBOVhOQXJ3TFFTWUZDVEVoY19GVUM2X3RyeTJBdkc4LTlZTVdqaXBfWnk3elNvbFBmdnhhcXlacDNNWXktbzh2dXM2NkFJY0ttdVRSbk1jdHFvTHZ6NE9pc1g3TXR4ZVBUd2t4WDdXV1hFd3h0YTVKRkVzTWhFUUFsR0Zn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Video | Severe Flooding Strikes Andhra Pradesh; Evacuations Underway In Low-Lying Areas](./read/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQOWxzRmJaUG9ibXV4aG51WDVmcWpVWU5qSGFvZnFRblQzeDBpajdXSm00bFY3TDBBOVhOQXJ3TFFTWUZDVEVoY19GVUM2X3RyeTJBdkc4LTlZTVdqaXBfWnk3elNvbFBmdnhhcXlacDNNWXktbzh2dXM2NkFJY0ttdVRSbk1jdHFvTHZ6NE9pc1g3TXR4ZVBUd2t4WDdXV1hFd3h0YTVKRkVzTWhFUUFsR0Zn?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lWeVl5Z0RCRUtRNV9CS2IxdTlDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXphRXAwTFcxalMxOXNRa2h6VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhaFZwWU1KZ2c=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['Mamata Banerjee must be subjected to ... ': BJP after TMC MP offers to
resign over Kolkata rape-murder
c](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 hours ago

[](./read/CBMijAJBVV95cUxNVFNTSTVQM28xMVl6ejlkUmpSU2VDMjlvckR0QWRvaEVKRnlvXzZva194cFc0am84Wm9YU1M1RmtYcXlNSXY5YlM2YjlTcllhRkxCS1RjeG90anFfUlF3Z2hhNlVicXJvb2hsRXZhQTlJeWpKYVJwZTh4SUxVajI0SlNqRnFLNjEwRWZwWmhjOXc3bkZIclZJY2ZPLUVUN1QzT29hRHQ0bnNnR1ptbERRcnpiODVRYWhvREFsOElLZkp3NlN5U3VXMThTNl9Wb1E4dlFUQmFGeDNnbWh1YjRJMS1PX0tTMFVxbkhZV0ViOHpXbW1TVFlaU2RDdWgtdXpNVmV0cGVUeDZZSXJn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Mamata Banerjee dials Jawhar Sircar, urges him to reconsider Rajya Sabha
resignation over Kolkata doctor murder:
Report](./read/CBMijAJBVV95cUxNVFNTSTVQM28xMVl6ejlkUmpSU2VDMjlvckR0QWRvaEVKRnlvXzZva194cFc0am84Wm9YU1M1RmtYcXlNSXY5YlM2YjlTcllhRkxCS1RjeG90anFfUlF3Z2hhNlVicXJvb2hsRXZhQTlJeWpKYVJwZTh4SUxVajI0SlNqRnFLNjEwRWZwWmhjOXc3bkZIclZJY2ZPLUVUN1QzT29hRHQ0bnNnR1ptbERRcnpiODVRYWhvREFsOElLZkp3NlN5U3VXMThTNl9Wb1E4dlFUQmFGeDNnbWh1YjRJMS1PX0tTMFVxbkhZV0ViOHpXbW1TVFlaU2RDdWgtdXpNVmV0cGVUeDZZSXJn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

[](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOVTVVcENsczA3YkliZFVvMU1TcVVWQTZIU3Z5M29PVGgzYTFPbTJaZXJpY2VaM2dLQ1owN3VCRmNUazNrbVJhWDRpMEo5cEVNTzBsYVlhNE1CbzBVdXlzVnJZSVJyTUlKbjRBU0VWa0lDZmwyNEJVTUVwX3BfOHEzZDRIN3dQdDltbTAyUnVOenJ5WndSMzVjY0lqSDd3eTJ0MTZTa3ZzZC0wMnVGeElPeG0tTDU?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Video | TMC MP Jawhar Sircar Writes To CM, Says Will Resign As MP Over RG Kar Murder Case](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOVTVVcENsczA3YkliZFVvMU1TcVVWQTZIU3Z5M29PVGgzYTFPbTJaZXJpY2VaM2dLQ1owN3VCRmNUazNrbVJhWDRpMEo5cEVNTzBsYVlhNE1CbzBVdXlzVnJZSVJyTUlKbjRBU0VWa0lDZmwyNEJVTUVwX3BfOHEzZDRIN3dQdDltbTAyUnVOenJ5WndSMzVjY0lqSDd3eTJ0MTZTa3ZzZC0wMnVGeElPeG0tTDU?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

46 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxPN2lQTHZVbzM3Tm9QUFJIV3ZRTEgtTTNnSm9iM29idGRKTDYxTWhuVk10TVlWMEMtZXNlZmlSR2FhNndRR21oS0FfVVFLck9HUzMwNDJRbVBaQTRwN2h3ZUF1YUJ2bVd2UmxQNVlhOWl2Tk9BSklIdGhYdG9hUEZHZXVvMG5jLVhLcFlIVTExeTR2OW8weW04eW5vYXBTbFhPUnFJVzRBQWd2SGxGdGtsV1FmT1dScHNkR3Vxemtqa3JNcm9SMHRtUzEwN2pVejU5RjVXbXJqWERQWDEyLVB6U3BQcXI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Trinamool MP quits post, writes to Mamata Banerjee: 'Never seen such
angst'](./read/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxPN2lQTHZVbzM3Tm9QUFJIV3ZRTEgtTTNnSm9iM29idGRKTDYxTWhuVk10TVlWMEMtZXNlZmlSR2FhNndRR21oS0FfVVFLck9HUzMwNDJRbVBaQTRwN2h3ZUF1YUJ2bVd2UmxQNVlhOWl2Tk9BSklIdGhYdG9hUEZHZXVvMG5jLVhLcFlIVTExeTR2OW8weW04eW5vYXBTbFhPUnFJVzRBQWd2SGxGdGtsV1FmT1dScHNkR3Vxemtqa3JNcm9SMHRtUzEwN2pVejU5RjVXbXJqWERQWDEyLVB6U3BQcXI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By Indrajit Kundu

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lqN291bkRCRUFXMzNZVkljVDV5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNHRaSHBaZVhCRFpWbDRabFJ1VFJDdEF4akxCU2dLTWdhQmM1SURNd2M=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/08KHKXS_2bKbdklfGBEhJ8sqezyFioBAPNgA35E5cWJBlIL_aQtLKGuWFUB0O-O7aWNh54ZErg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/l220rqZPFqLiASSf73_dyE8AA5HGYYgMcGeqdfhQDqYJ3nr6qpe5EKwDZn3mGfdIv8Byv8N-Sg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livelaw.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Live Law - Indian Legal News

More

[BREAKING| Supreme Court Dismisses Appeals Of TMC MP Abhishek Banerjee & Wife
Against ED Summons In School
...](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxPNDN3SVlpaTc0MFVFalpUYVZrS1NKNlozNk9uWVE5S3hDWkNQVmh5cmRxb1BjMUptWk5oMG5ueFBnak1vWU93ZzlIZ3JMZnRnTkFTd0lKT0ZkVzdHWGZ4VlpzNUhSaG40M2JfZFp1VnE5cFl5ckJIT2RuSUlQakp0Y2FRRHhTT2ljX2FiazZlMkgwZ0xNRzFEYS1xMUVlRzFhRWVFSzZOakdTNW5iZGNqM2o3bGV5VE1ORWJNd21wc2tWSHJLQjZsM0VB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Supreme Court dismisses Abhishek Banerjee’s plea against ED
summons](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxPNDN3SVlpaTc0MFVFalpUYVZrS1NKNlozNk9uWVE5S3hDWkNQVmh5cmRxb1BjMUptWk5oMG5ueFBnak1vWU93ZzlIZ3JMZnRnTkFTd0lKT0ZkVzdHWGZ4VlpzNUhSaG40M2JfZFp1VnE5cFl5ckJIT2RuSUlQakp0Y2FRRHhTT2ljX2FiazZlMkgwZ0xNRzFEYS1xMUVlRzFhRWVFSzZOakdTNW5iZGNqM2o3bGV5VE1ORWJNd21wc2tWSHJLQjZsM0VB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Abraham Thomas

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[West Bengal school jobs scam: Supreme Court rejects plea of TMC MP Abhishek
Banerjee, his wife against ED
summons](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

24 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMikwFBVV95cUxOcnZmdmQ3bkdLUHkzdUgzb293UG05cFpPc0VMT2Vna01GZmcwMlVSMGNLQVJKYmpOSUtadjRkaEkyODRfZUdfMkdxclNveHctV0xOcUJVa3R2MW8yQ3oxSVlaM2lyS0EyYWQ5ajBBcFQ5T21hVzFLOHVkd1E5d2pMMllNUTVGQXdUcjlCZUZqY19QQ0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.barandbench.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Bar & Bench - Indian Legal News

More

[Supreme Court rejects plea by Abhishek Bannerjee challenging ED
summons](./read/CBMikwFBVV95cUxOcnZmdmQ3bkdLUHkzdUgzb293UG05cFpPc0VMT2Vna01GZmcwMlVSMGNLQVJKYmpOSUtadjRkaEkyODRfZUdfMkdxclNveHctV0xOcUJVa3R2MW8yQ3oxSVlaM2lyS0EyYWQ5ajBBcFQ5T21hVzFLOHVkd1E5d2pMMllNUTVGQXdUcjlCZUZqY19QQ0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lhazllbkRCR0hOdHBDWUFZX1N5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPRHAtMl9vVXVvdDFreko2Ri1jZk92S3Vaam1PamxBcjZBUUg3ajIwdUNVRExaQjdaYTQ3aUhhbmdZbXRMV2x0NXM1OElpc3pfM2xtSEZxSHM1OHd1VDRHNG42aWFXZXR0NmdKNlB4dDZMTGZwNlpVN0FmRVg3MW9LZ1pTVlhfbkdoN01ZM184LWFQeF9BQmlrd05JNHA2RnZBOVYzcVVJSmg1QU0tQ0HSAbYBQVVfeXFMTmppSk05d2dzN2hJcGZsODBtSE52eFZFUjBzZy1mOXpqT09rLWV5a25LUENFWGlYcjFzZUpwdXBjSWVhdnFvTlZ5bHNkanVhQm10WHc3Wjhyb2hDVGhkSlFTLUg2MzBqdjBSLUVJWlFDTXo2MXcyRllBOE1zNU13T0YyR1dTdmVIdmh6T3dKV25icEh0NDVwWkJ2V01lYm02Y08yZ08wbGdYQUl6XzU4ZTBEMTY5WkE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXFRV1p5VHpGNGJVUTNXVEUzVFJDeUF4akNCU2dLTWdZOU01UXltUWs=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Watch: Kamala Harris Campaign Gets A Desi Touch With Hindi Music
Video](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPRHAtMl9vVXVvdDFreko2Ri1jZk92S3Vaam1PamxBcjZBUUg3ajIwdUNVRExaQjdaYTQ3aUhhbmdZbXRMV2x0NXM1OElpc3pfM2xtSEZxSHM1OHd1VDRHNG42aWFXZXR0NmdKNlB4dDZMTGZwNlpVN0FmRVg3MW9LZ1pTVlhfbkdoN01ZM184LWFQeF9BQmlrd05JNHA2RnZBOVYzcVVJSmg1QU0tQ0HSAbYBQVVfeXFMTmppSk05d2dzN2hJcGZsODBtSE52eFZFUjBzZy1mOXpqT09rLWV5a25LUENFWGlYcjFzZUpwdXBjSWVhdnFvTlZ5bHNkanVhQm10WHc3Wjhyb2hDVGhkSlFTLUg2MzBqdjBSLUVJWlFDTXo2MXcyRllBOE1zNU13T0YyR1dTdmVIdmh6T3dKV25icEh0NDVwWkJ2V01lYm02Y08yZ08wbGdYQUl6XzU4ZTBEMTY5WkE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Pushkar Tiwari

[](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOLW9semNEemUxM0JIWGZnYTVHVWRhWXhYVkdMdXRJUEIyY0dZSzhZUGljN1Q5X2JESXB0ekRsSGdEWmlJcllJVVA2V29tT09zUXJzREd1REY3WHFjX0d2ZzJKMlJjYWN6UGRyc1ZnMktkcE95Y2E2RHgtaFg1cU5hVE8yb21yclBZbTIwOE51dUtVZDZpUDd4QldyUUlOTWZWZzRSUjVfaGJIRzQ2RkM5MVBwU194cFlCeXdwZkNuS1pQSXJYWGxtOFFCZEZXN0tZUHR0WUxxZ3JueE9Vb1JHdEZR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Video: Kamala Harris's campaign gets Bollywood twist with 'Nacho Nacho'
song](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOLW9semNEemUxM0JIWGZnYTVHVWRhWXhYVkdMdXRJUEIyY0dZSzhZUGljN1Q5X2JESXB0ekRsSGdEWmlJcllJVVA2V29tT09zUXJzREd1REY3WHFjX0d2ZzJKMlJjYWN6UGRyc1ZnMktkcE95Y2E2RHgtaFg1cU5hVE8yb21yclBZbTIwOE51dUtVZDZpUDd4QldyUUlOTWZWZzRSUjVfaGJIRzQ2RkM5MVBwU194cFlCeXdwZkNuS1pQSXJYWGxtOFFCZEZXN0tZUHR0WUxxZ3JueE9Vb1JHdEZR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Ajmal Aramam

[](./read/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxNdVp1WVVfVC1WRVphRmM5dHpqT2VRMFFmZjFJTTl3bDQ5TUg1VG1EVTRSaE5acXNrTzlsLVJiM1BlSl9EV01mbUlHQWtRZmVOZFA2aHF5YzMwS3hMTFJwMDVIeWduSnRJdEhXX2kxLXRIRUNkUWRHUHBvRU1pcWF5TTEyNmdqdDl5TE5mRDlJaGs2TlY5cENLWHhkVTZ1Nk92UnF0TmpWN0hmSWdZRUlIMFhQMWdLdGVmaG1SYVJhcG1aZkVuOTRnYTFFV0ZJWG9kc1pYSzJSeUhRenNpYmtKQWFYZVZvQ3RjTXZJTmZn0gH0AUFVX3lxTFBZQWhpMHVqU3FjLW5jQXE2Yi1zWWMteVhlWURDdE9rbFg3bVJ0NFJiYzZKOXp0SXlUQkdLODM1MVFnc3JTclNLb0E4RVJrMWlXVFpIYkJXUVhNNXo2MldLdFdQLTlMS3dKM3o4d2FqNU9mdUpfX1lDNVhsTkNBbEVwX2JjbG54MVZIR015SkZlMHV1c2d1SDVzY2JDeFRFRUVaLTM3aGl3SUFoelB1S2RvNENQTU00Qzh2YmJVLTBleGpkREVEelZzalVuRFlLcE1CdEtWclJ1M1BfYVd1a3dCdVB5X1BiT2tJTDg5UU1FckNlVUg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Indian-American entrepreneur releases song to mobilise South Asians to vote
for Kamala
Harris](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiggJBVV95cUxQRGt3ZDFFTjN4ZXJ3VWxHbG9mbkxXX1AyRG5ZZTV6WVlKTDVpSUVmaTJYa2Q4WlBfbHJVUlU1NmNPUXlxNlFQVWZyVG1ONlZILUpqdVZHUXUxN0l3Q1FuTnJHZTRwR3VVblV4MVlBbXU5Y215bUw2bWlRSmpxejVKcnpSc0FpaHR2cVU4VG9TaXhRaHVVVEpRQWNwLXo0cF93T3pHTXhXeVVXWUJaMUs2WEtxTkE0NDB3VUV2Uk1hdW92RGI0a0tqN2IwTjU4QkZBRDhENmhHUFVqbllPS1lORFJZWThjZERYV1BfcTM2dVBYVDFGMy11V1Fud1g3eVBmT0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Desi-twist of ‘Nacho-Nacho’ to boost Kamala Harris’s US Presidential campaign | Today News](./read/CBMiggJBVV95cUxQRGt3ZDFFTjN4ZXJ3VWxHbG9mbkxXX1AyRG5ZZTV6WVlKTDVpSUVmaTJYa2Q4WlBfbHJVUlU1NmNPUXlxNlFQVWZyVG1ONlZILUpqdVZHUXUxN0l3Q1FuTnJHZTRwR3VVblV4MVlBbXU5Y215bUw2bWlRSmpxejVKcnpSc0FpaHR2cVU4VG9TaXhRaHVVVEpRQWNwLXo0cF93T3pHTXhXeVVXWUJaMUs2WEtxTkE0NDB3VUV2Uk1hdW92RGI0a0tqN2IwTjU4QkZBRDhENmhHUFVqbllPS1lORFJZWThjZERYV1BfcTM2dVBYVDFGMy11V1Fud1g3eVBmT0E?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2ozbk1XakRCSGY3bkxGaEpndExpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iJ0NnNDRUVTVvU0VaNVJrczVNMjVvVFJEUUF4anNCQ2dLTWdNSkFEbw=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AT8iZRL6eUcqE6QveDcDvxkWRmUmyT_OzkkVmZ20YRlylJqSMypckPekPjhINXiSTA47GzKicg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/zzcRhlGCg3AwEkrehudx9Cwm39oofTsd2EQiacU_GFr5gMQeRwIIS7Z8li3JAud7YFagJf01gw=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Depression forms over Bay of Bengal; IMD predicts heavy rain in
Odisha](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPQVVKSVJxeGZNM2JfWm44TGswekRGQlBoYUxKNDRwVnlvd0R5MmlRVDJWRDZGVFphSk9NOW4xcTM5V1ExNXFsV0gxMUY0RWc0RUFWY3JsanhpN1YySTRySkd1Qm02RlJyVUw0SE1qdmNVaFZiWXR5M1pKQVJLMGpBcU92NW9GcEdBak1EMVJtcFVfSnZXcDBqeFk0eXAwbWVkU1JGY25WekZJQzVQU1ktbndjTWwxZzJkYmJrUVFhTW9rbm84cVBfc1ZYdFZSZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Odisha braces for heavy rain as depression forms in Bay of
Bengal](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPQVVKSVJxeGZNM2JfWm44TGswekRGQlBoYUxKNDRwVnlvd0R5MmlRVDJWRDZGVFphSk9NOW4xcTM5V1ExNXFsV0gxMUY0RWc0RUFWY3JsanhpN1YySTRySkd1Qm02RlJyVUw0SE1qdmNVaFZiWXR5M1pKQVJLMGpBcU92NW9GcEdBak1EMVJtcFVfSnZXcDBqeFk0eXAwbWVkU1JGY25WekZJQzVQU1ktbndjTWwxZzJkYmJrUVFhTW9rbm84cVBfc1ZYdFZSZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOa3U0LU84R2syLW8wS2piTVo0bzBJbU5LcG5wRU9lSlVkRlB0OS1uYWEtT2g2bFZlMEZSa3psb2paWktZaXlsLWt0Y2p0QzNocW5VQ1NMUXRjSk5YdWY5c2x2YTFWQWsxVW53M2VFM20xX3ItTDVLWG9WaXVHRUlFTW9mV3NPTlctMV9jRERQdlpuc0JGaFZfWGxiMnFKS3NmZHJv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deccanherald.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Deccan Herald

More

[Deep Depression to cross Odisha coast near Puri:
IMD](./read/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOa3U0LU84R2syLW8wS2piTVo0bzBJbU5LcG5wRU9lSlVkRlB0OS1uYWEtT2g2bFZlMEZSa3psb2paWktZaXlsLWt0Y2p0QzNocW5VQ1NMUXRjSk5YdWY5c2x2YTFWQWsxVW53M2VFM20xX3ItTDVLWG9WaXVHRUlFTW9mV3NPTlctMV9jRERQdlpuc0JGaFZfWGxiMnFKS3NmZHJv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

55 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNSkZnT2QzTlMwV24yVkhJTG5ZMTUzb1RCX3duTDNUcXZTRkJndnlSNWY3M00xUy1XeE9CR3ZySEtmNkRZWjRSOTR1cnYtV1hKZzFhZHVRRnplQVJGWkNyWnJST3JqUHE0YzZtQkNrSWlPUy1keWdkVE5DRy13LVdPRmtaVG00ZjBydll5U1liNTIxMDNZ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Weather update: IMD issues ‘red alert’ for Andhra Pradesh, flash flood
warning for
Odisha](./read/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNSkZnT2QzTlMwV24yVkhJTG5ZMTUzb1RCX3duTDNUcXZTRkJndnlSNWY3M00xUy1XeE9CR3ZySEtmNkRZWjRSOTR1cnYtV1hKZzFhZHVRRnplQVJGWkNyWnJST3JqUHE0YzZtQkNrSWlPUy1keWdkVE5DRy13LVdPRmtaVG00ZjBydll5U1liNTIxMDNZ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pyOExxbERCR1puRFhWQXFzVkNTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXFObDl6UXpCTmFXVXhWbUV3VFJDV0FoanVBeWdLTWdZQllJYnFOQVE=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KWKtiaerfOnNxQfpRY5T_b-A6Fl2r2RDpTumesYVdF8wcgqQiBklPObMDBVQ4DBDDWeKKewE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AID0uysSyBsg6HwQ-
jsptvWM7981kzsKJ4zsXk2TzIUmqilV6LsNokBQLzdbzIvW_YaK4-t7QA=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Stone-throwing at Ganesh pandal in Surat sparks communal tensions, 27
arrested](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Sudeep Lavania

[](./read/CBMisANBVV95cUxPZGJQRlZNdGVTb2hvTFdNWGVLV0g3Qjl4cDVYZGNlUTg3d2FpQlRsWWlmd3ozX3c4TXZLNkg5a3gzUWtnR0NvQ0FqQlRnQU1Ia0pMSWhPYUh6MXpJTDJNX3ZhZURUVVp1YUxfdlg5U3ZkdzNJVGl1bkpEWkR0RlVFZk45WXc1a3VjSVYyUGJuQmxkb3JRb0JTeUVDVVlUMG1TWm1nWmQ4V0ticUc0NEdpRlFhRFQwUnZscndocG51ek9iQUctVG1KQ2xkczlvMDQ5TlVHV3M1WWg3a3RFeFRqNXRraHNfZzBVUFVOMVJLcTZtTTJ6U3M4R1FjcHQ2Z05PNjZCRUswcF84eFhvMm1OVlNLc0NhaHpBNGdya0NQVnNIWk10THRaSEhmOUtHQUYzNGFQSi1fazFWNnZRbXcyV0V5N3dvOXRuSmNCWGlCamZjOGhZLWxuTXNPaFRhbVVNQmh2aWozMGZ2ekVKMGg1cDU5MFY0ZXo5MEs5X1Etank5aVl1VUZMamF0bUJBWUV0TkZEdmNfcmJVV3B1X0UxeUlrNFdCQ19rWE5RY0hiaW3SAbYDQVVfeXFMT0R2bVlZVl9LNlJOOVNlajBRQ3BmbnFWUU9wYU9qV1hMTXlqc0RvZHhfWlRXWUFzTVV0Vk82b2hWQ3JsUmNVdG1meXdYZkltdjZpNHlUZU8yVUducEZubHpKOXBjYnMtSnlmdW9PTHNSNVJIWnhOVTg0d183ZXZqeGZhNWFjdU5YQi1IT2o1MnpiTHdJdDM3QVV4bVFEWFhjV1ZIbDRHUkNNaDVYNllLdTVpLXRONloxSjd1eTlkYnBpbkI5SmtzT2pzRDF4dC1pblctWlVzaVB6c00tNmdIMmdVSktsUXY0UFFJTDdTenVkRS1sRjRhbXhFVmdNci1DMmlCOXBzaFl2Y0U0Umg5MWFLUGdvQkhFRXBxVkQ3Y1pVQ2J0Rl92YVZOUlozcGdzVUJYdHVfLTYxOXFQcE9OWlBxZzFXZE5jWFQyc21ZOW5EVFg5dDczNVV5dG1zYTVGdHVNck9Jc0g5b0tyNTFxRU5FXzVPNDRCeF9UZ0VhbjBaUVZmQmNVZ015Z0RFLVNmZHRwTThZN0tSZWFjQmFkLW9oRVdoWjUxOVl6c2NNQ2ptaVBuTDd3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Supreme Court RG Kar Medical College Hearing Live: SC notices 14-hour delay
in filing FIR, demands
remova...](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

30 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxQZTFlUU1YRXZvcklad1NSZ2RIV2VmZU9QYjBNWFlybGJYTzdKLWs5dlFGb2RPdUdTUl9zbWxNMUpHU1NHdG94bnZ5M3NyeDdMeE9yMGJkQVFTclBfYmxOUmdlWWh0MVE1SFNYdHAtdXRHQ3RaSWl6RnFERE13WlNhZnFORVRoRXZIMTl1am9pZHN0NWxOOUVFVHQ2UVF0Y0t5X3g1Zi1WLWJwRkdPQ1NULWJvS1cxbUtGNWFta2RObEs?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Gujarat: Stones thrown at Ganesh pandal in Surat; six
arrested](./read/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxQZTFlUU1YRXZvcklad1NSZ2RIV2VmZU9QYjBNWFlybGJYTzdKLWs5dlFGb2RPdUdTUl9zbWxNMUpHU1NHdG94bnZ5M3NyeDdMeE9yMGJkQVFTclBfYmxOUmdlWWh0MVE1SFNYdHAtdXRHQ3RaSWl6RnFERE13WlNhZnFORVRoRXZIMTl1am9pZHN0NWxOOUVFVHQ2UVF0Y0t5X3g1Zi1WLWJwRkdPQ1NULWJvS1cxbUtGNWFta2RObEs?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOVlVaX3VESDdQUzBEd0x2RmxJRlFrSG9TQUhPd3A2dVU4OGkwVkNuTXQwV0V5cUlOR1BSQl9seVhhRnUtWnlJZVpRNkJwdFV3cl9ianhoXzlMRE5SRW1EVW1KNU1JUzU4M3pGTmlxQUxjLTdXSUhEZHBUaklKSXFtY0lQNDNJZGJJT1NBTWNUM3ZlQjRVUHhrYlA2MFl0NFpqY2ZGMnJRWWhmVzEyNDVhSjJicEJweFFLZEg2TkN0NTlzcHg4VHlsMExrNDNuU2JzRExKQtIB2gFBVV95cUxNSlQwbUg0SnJiOEViS1UycGJhM1puVmJTSEhHRzBxb195MEdVUFU2elJDTHdnRDBlWUl6cDhZRTRZMVNCRjgyTUxXcEg2T0NpUHg5Q2RFWFJ0d3hWZXdnQmZ4cm9KSmZkOG00eWhZV2g0SmZkbGI4SUVIbVlndTA2aHdVMEJZcUhadHdkTVppSWxLdHpYbUxqTW5kbDlfbzA3c2xrT1BhZjRVVFIzc21lOS1OWFpFX1EwU1pTUkROR2toQlZ0OThLTW5xZlZrdktqVE1wbUp2amd0QQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Surat simmers as locals clash over stone pelting by minors at Ganesh pandal,
33
arrested](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOVlVaX3VESDdQUzBEd0x2RmxJRlFrSG9TQUhPd3A2dVU4OGkwVkNuTXQwV0V5cUlOR1BSQl9seVhhRnUtWnlJZVpRNkJwdFV3cl9ianhoXzlMRE5SRW1EVW1KNU1JUzU4M3pGTmlxQUxjLTdXSUhEZHBUaklKSXFtY0lQNDNJZGJJT1NBTWNUM3ZlQjRVUHhrYlA2MFl0NFpqY2ZGMnJRWWhmVzEyNDVhSjJicEJweFFLZEg2TkN0NTlzcHg4VHlsMExrNDNuU2JzRExKQtIB2gFBVV95cUxNSlQwbUg0SnJiOEViS1UycGJhM1puVmJTSEhHRzBxb195MEdVUFU2elJDTHdnRDBlWUl6cDhZRTRZMVNCRjgyTUxXcEg2T0NpUHg5Q2RFWFJ0d3hWZXdnQmZ4cm9KSmZkOG00eWhZV2g0SmZkbGI4SUVIbVlndTA2aHdVMEJZcUhadHdkTVppSWxLdHpYbUxqTW5kbDlfbzA3c2xrT1BhZjRVVFIzc21lOS1OWFpFX1EwU1pTUkROR2toQlZ0OThLTW5xZlZrdktqVE1wbUp2amd0QQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Aishwarya Dabhade

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lDMjdxbkRCSEd6NmIyWlVtcl9TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVVhMWhSZFdWMlQzbEplVGgyVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZdFpKS1BLUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/il1YSB76BhyDivyobuHU_Tex2qT9kypjY1Zf2XNd6OUJoCzvNz25AMPkJP91myo6enzhhkpRxg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EHFzBnM0m86shsKnce5kAZQGa-
nORqgbe4q_PgqRwURLVtPtUjzd6SDx3LeItRtoDItWTmKnbg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

['I Have Realised My Mistake': Ajit Pawar Says Society Doesn't Like Anyone
Breaking Own
Family](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOeFc4enpvNHRya3d1bmRBeXM5OEhkZGFldTctVGZIbHpNdlFpT2hSMmRjVGFLM3hmbHlLQmVJTC1WTl9kcHZkYlhYbld0eUgwX1BzdHZsTXlwMXpBWkR0aWdNQVZfTlNFLUhUMG9Od3E0TUFwR01sTHZUZzIwckpQbmVfUE9wZ0JHS2NSNVU0TVowV3lmR0xFTUh2VVI3eG05Vm5GYzVlTDF1akx4RWkyTk54UTFXNTRQWFYxR2VsYWZVRmx5MGRfUnY0bFlCVW1pOHRhS1otcWV2UGtTcTdIejh3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Maharashtra Deputy CM Ajit Pawar says breaking family was a mistake: ‘Society
never
accepts…’](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOeFc4enpvNHRya3d1bmRBeXM5OEhkZGFldTctVGZIbHpNdlFpT2hSMmRjVGFLM3hmbHlLQmVJTC1WTl9kcHZkYlhYbld0eUgwX1BzdHZsTXlwMXpBWkR0aWdNQVZfTlNFLUhUMG9Od3E0TUFwR01sTHZUZzIwckpQbmVfUE9wZ0JHS2NSNVU0TVowV3lmR0xFTUh2VVI3eG05Vm5GYzVlTDF1akx4RWkyTk54UTFXNTRQWFYxR2VsYWZVRmx5MGRfUnY0bFlCVW1pOHRhS1otcWV2UGtTcTdIejh3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxNaU11UEpITDJuMmV2elR1Q1BLVFBuM2xxUGZ6aHBGM2VTcVpHRDZzOE91MTZuT3kxMXRwNlNJVjctMi14MWhCLWZrOHdudG8wcUc4V09XNi14amVReG9SbV9yMmlpSmtnSmMyMkhGT0o0LVhLQ1V5Rno0WHNmU01td25EcXdvcGNrMXh5LWZENlNhbkg5Q2dHYWtaakh2c0xEVVNlNUZpQ3poMExLTFNGUHJES3h6WDVXVU92WHptLTg2T1lmWEdkS1NPSGV2aW9VU0NGRGFkUdIB3gFBVV95cUxOeDdibkp1aGpsbHhwa21vWUJCQjVDY0ZWUjU5WlFNcmpOOWlwbDFiaHFqbi1YalBwcTNJVXBmVFp4Y24wcFhyc1NreUo3Zjg1TDEwMHRaZE00QldzaGF2Y0w1VTUxUk1XQlFYYndqTmg0WXhJRGlzYUF2SVI0MXRXQXdEaS1oQV9wdVUwRkhXU1poSUw3MW5hRzk1OWk1WEFYRlpDTHNFUlZxT1FhZW5VeXk0WlFHZmE3ZjU2YUN2MGFRMmNzN3NRZ3A5NDhFRlR6Y01jakduTzR3ckNiQ2c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Ajit Pawar's 'remorse' won't help him win assembly poll from Baramati,says
Sanjay
Raut](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxPcG9sQVp3OGF6YUlCRDhPdU5yQzVxclBYRkNfUFZGTEViVUJ4b2tEVzBNNUpPOHlDSm9rZ3lldHVlcEt0NUpKbVZROXZSWUtCVkZ6eno2ZFlEdkhORlhSdlVlYmM4di14ZGp5U3lmdDFSUURRT0dNd1FCeFFBMlJOWllBWnYwNUJlR29jbm9uaDJKeGY1azVOS3RKbHJnVlF6Y0xyZXFDZlV2Z2dKaHoxX25tUmszdUNKUVRxNElnSFhGSjlsbTA1bkZGdnZZMnp6YUJZSENBTlBvWDE3RGtFRlA2RW9JTy1IM0oxOVRFYw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Maharashtra assembly polls: Rift in Atram family as daughter likely to take
on
father](./read/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxPcG9sQVp3OGF6YUlCRDhPdU5yQzVxclBYRkNfUFZGTEViVUJ4b2tEVzBNNUpPOHlDSm9rZ3lldHVlcEt0NUpKbVZROXZSWUtCVkZ6eno2ZFlEdkhORlhSdlVlYmM4di14ZGp5U3lmdDFSUURRT0dNd1FCeFFBMlJOWllBWnYwNUJlR29jbm9uaDJKeGY1azVOS3RKbHJnVlF6Y0xyZXFDZlV2Z2dKaHoxX25tUmszdUNKUVRxNElnSFhGSjlsbTA1bkZGdnZZMnp6YUJZSENBTlBvWDE3RGtFRlA2RW9JTy1IM0oxOVRFYw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Faisal Malik

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lNMXNhbURCRTNyS3JGdVZCdHhpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxQWXB1MTI4UFJJOGZYQ295emh5NFEtR1VHdVVETk5waVphQjRpRU93d3dzTnkwcGxJNzV3VzQ4SW5ERnhYSmpfSlNIZ2xWRm5zcHZhZ2d6eFEtRUVuVXRaNlFRUDZrakNEd2ZEMGc2QXdnOFJ6ZmNfUVZ1ai1nRDJlSWhqY2NfYU1xbE1icloyV0IzUHRpLWJGVjFQNjMwbUhOWEQ1WlllRWtkSmhPLXFZNkNodzVKWkI2bWs3elNySlRrSk9QSTJWeFo0SXB5U3p2VnkzTE5xdmw5T3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUVaemRPVTA1MWFXUnJXblp2VFJEZ0F4aUFCU2dLTWdhaEk1RHNHUW8=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[iPhone's sweet 16! India to rush in and join sales
party](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxQWXB1MTI4UFJJOGZYQ295emh5NFEtR1VHdVVETk5waVphQjRpRU93d3dzTnkwcGxJNzV3VzQ4SW5ERnhYSmpfSlNIZ2xWRm5zcHZhZ2d6eFEtRUVuVXRaNlFRUDZrakNEd2ZEMGc2QXdnOFJ6ZmNfUVZ1ai1nRDJlSWhqY2NfYU1xbE1icloyV0IzUHRpLWJGVjFQNjMwbUhOWEQ1WlllRWtkSmhPLXFZNkNodzVKWkI2bWs3elNySlRrSk9QSTJWeFo0SXB5U3p2VnkzTE5xdmw5T3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

8 hours ago

* * *

By Kiran Rathee

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPUDVsUEpuem5RcS1pQXBsOG5qQnM2RXBRcG1ab3dISGpLOEt1bHFIY3E5b1luRzlNM1d4ZWlKQ0liM3RyTnZBX0FtcDhqZTdOeU1SOWprazJtYWpFMzRIREQtNFVDOWQ2ZE5zZ3FYbC01aHBORDlteU5UdUtxM1JkLTNuZG9oMUZaaTFuVjc3WnhHdUdVODhnTkVRUUN5Y1ZkeEsxelBYLXhXc3pmRl9LdUFXbmNrQ1VhWnQtS0VaUDBpU2tVY2l0RmxFZGJVbUdENmlOUUdJYVM4Q1E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Made-in-India iPhone 16 series to hit global markets within days of
launch](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPUDVsUEpuem5RcS1pQXBsOG5qQnM2RXBRcG1ab3dISGpLOEt1bHFIY3E5b1luRzlNM1d4ZWlKQ0liM3RyTnZBX0FtcDhqZTdOeU1SOWprazJtYWpFMzRIREQtNFVDOWQ2ZE5zZ3FYbC01aHBORDlteU5UdUtxM1JkLTNuZG9oMUZaaTFuVjc3WnhHdUdVODhnTkVRUUN5Y1ZkeEsxelBYLXhXc3pmRl9LdUFXbmNrQ1VhWnQtS0VaUDBpU2tVY2l0RmxFZGJVbUdENmlOUUdJYVM4Q1E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Vasudha Mukherjee

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Morning Scan: All the big stories to get you started for the
day](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxOTklGeFh4RGJsNVFXejVVQ0pTaEJ4M0lvc2pSNmFLdlZUSEtLc2MtMU80UkJkQWNoRWh2Rm45dXk3RXNOUVpMR1U1aFVqOC1fQzJfYVVKbHF2Q1RNLWRuRUFJNFI2YmZaQk9IeFJVeWRxcmt2WXU4SVhaV0ZaRHRldzRDSFlIM2l1Q2g0VUU1TGo3bExZUkljVHd3RWtENF9Zc0RETGNmT0dhU0psUU1MT0p5M05UcFdGM3BpZUoxQlJVQdIBxwFBVV95cUxObGkzdW9RUlZ1d2RJZ0FZXzZWVlQ4TjdleU84UFR2SE01SGt3dDY3NE9sWVhSMXN6NE1fak1hbGFkaVJla09LQ0l3dGU3VjV0STRvbHVmM2VhMDcxc3lRZ0RlZ0FQMjZQRnlWRnJDSXNKWVJUcVBiczA5SjFQVGxKMFdWZy04UUE1ZUdMREFvWGVMNkgtbkdlV1gxVHhhZ092LThyNFpxQUluRVktSWxHSS1iOGQ4SzVjRW1Yd29YcWhtM1lVUTRn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQT0E4M2owVnRxNDhNWXl2NlV2d3RxLXhhQ0F6T1NGOTZuMWdJQmFpYUlnNEZVa2tSel8tRV9kUFpOWkIxR3gwMm9NQjB3MVBxYnZjdkZ4RWtnZEtaSVRUSVBHQzR1S2x3cnNhRW9OVC1NY2RmR2pEZldmVUZSd1lzTmZPbWp6X1M1R1JGNGtYRkpxTG1LX0V0RFg1VHpWdWJtWGt5eDlqaw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newsbytesapp.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NewsBytes

More

[For first time, made-in-India iPhone 16 ships globally at
launch](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQT0E4M2owVnRxNDhNWXl2NlV2d3RxLXhhQ0F6T1NGOTZuMWdJQmFpYUlnNEZVa2tSel8tRV9kUFpOWkIxR3gwMm9NQjB3MVBxYnZjdkZ4RWtnZEtaSVRUSVBHQzR1S2x3cnNhRW9OVC1NY2RmR2pEZldmVUZSd1lzTmZPbWp6X1M1R1JGNGtYRkpxTG1LX0V0RFg1VHpWdWJtWGt5eDlqaw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Mudit Dube

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2o5OGJ1bERCRk52UlF1cHE0M1BDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxOcVB3RE1yTjllSE55d3B1NkNBYU5SbWxQa05McHlad2ZJeG0zTVZrOFJpdXc5VENXYUhtRTd0VnRYbG5pbzA5LTFMTjhneU84dEpPa0xuWW1vbjBDamQtSEItUC1FUndTMzJkYzVxbXlxZGdUT2pfVXdmSXo2b2VJRGRCUW10UFhxa3A3QlRpdk1LM0F4YlJaUy0wNDJpS2J6S0hZbXNTQ3JzNXBmbmMwUXZmNDNmbEkzNEVvaEhmanhVSHFEdmJvcDhvcUpoVXJVVGIwZ2RWVktJZDM3WGJmNUJBS0RlODR1QlNjZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXpXWFpqYm1acU1GSkxWRkZTVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZQkFLQjRqQXM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Ex-principal Sandip Ghosh rigged RG Kar hospital’s house staff selections,
says
CBI](./read/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxOcVB3RE1yTjllSE55d3B1NkNBYU5SbWxQa05McHlad2ZJeG0zTVZrOFJpdXc5VENXYUhtRTd0VnRYbG5pbzA5LTFMTjhneU84dEpPa0xuWW1vbjBDamQtSEItUC1FUndTMzJkYzVxbXlxZGdUT2pfVXdmSXo2b2VJRGRCUW10UFhxa3A3QlRpdk1LM0F4YlJaUy0wNDJpS2J6S0hZbXNTQ3JzNXBmbmMwUXZmNDNmbEkzNEVvaEhmanhVSHFEdmJvcDhvcUpoVXJVVGIwZ2RWVktJZDM3WGJmNUJBS0RlODR1QlNjZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By rohit khanna

[](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxNbFgzRS1fZnRjREQyNFp0VFRwVmg4QW5RUmhaX2xQRlNnLS1VVWRlTklkTktfYzFCVHJqMlpPTzhSdHBzQ1NTSjA1WmF5VjBsYTZsQ1NueFp1aE9MVXVHWlZJX2trRmM0WEZBT1dJYzF4cTh1S1ZRZ3Vpc1VWV3lfUkNPRmpHSkRzZVhzYWZJYlphdVVER3l5ZVBTbDVTNzlhSHJ4RXZucWZBeFpMYXN1VnRKeTA0dml3eWM1WmlkMW9RWWZzVGJnQU51U0hRaV8ydWtnenZTcWV3OTlNS29v?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[How was doctor’s autopsy done without formal request, Supreme Court asks
Bengal](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxNbFgzRS1fZnRjREQyNFp0VFRwVmg4QW5RUmhaX2xQRlNnLS1VVWRlTklkTktfYzFCVHJqMlpPTzhSdHBzQ1NTSjA1WmF5VjBsYTZsQ1NueFp1aE9MVXVHWlZJX2trRmM0WEZBT1dJYzF4cTh1S1ZRZ3Vpc1VWV3lfUkNPRmpHSkRzZVhzYWZJYlphdVVER3l5ZVBTbDVTNzlhSHJ4RXZucWZBeFpMYXN1VnRKeTA0dml3eWM1WmlkMW9RWWZzVGJnQU51U0hRaV8ydWtnenZTcWV3OTlNS29v?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Kanu Sarda

[](./read/CBMi8wFBVV95cUxPLVNOallCVmMtLTE5Z2Q2eDRFVUJhLTJabThUUjV5cGh4RWF6c2hVcExxVHdoNkxjanBQd09BMVNHdDJmTVhBN05LRTUwSWY2ZWQyLUJRWGN5NDRWSHRGeGwtZkhNYmRldVhTbk5mTk9HWkRDdkxybmRHTHRWVUhCUFNLMkNaaG9MTnc2WU9XSEo4Rlg4VnFIM0tfeGQ2MVpmcmJwdGdYcmZ6eGNaZzZaWUhNUHI4c1ZDZTBNV05VOFc3TC0wNGhYcG5HRzl3NTlRNlp2dEJqbG9TMHkzVmY1cXUtajM3dnNlaUFla3o2ZTFOTlE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[CBI Official Lists Big Roadblocks In Its Probe Into Kolkata Rape-
Murder](./read/CBMi8wFBVV95cUxPLVNOallCVmMtLTE5Z2Q2eDRFVUJhLTJabThUUjV5cGh4RWF6c2hVcExxVHdoNkxjanBQd09BMVNHdDJmTVhBN05LRTUwSWY2ZWQyLUJRWGN5NDRWSHRGeGwtZkhNYmRldVhTbk5mTk9HWkRDdkxybmRHTHRWVUhCUFNLMkNaaG9MTnc2WU9XSEo4Rlg4VnFIM0tfeGQ2MVpmcmJwdGdYcmZ6eGNaZzZaWUhNUHI4c1ZDZTBNV05VOFc3TC0wNGhYcG5HRzl3NTlRNlp2dEJqbG9TMHkzVmY1cXUtajM3dnNlaUFla3o2ZTFOTlE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By saikat bose

[](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNa0VHV1AtNUMzYkFzVU8yTHdWenlvY0JlQXhxbHJvZ3UweEVRV01QYVpwejJaUDlsUDM1MnpsenRLRk5KLVlUU1ZLSk5TbzFUVVF0UFlyQ2FUM1I4SGNySEt6cC1IZ1ZuTzVyX29VTi04NHB6TEhLV19TTXdIUGxGNGczb2pfUk5sRWZJZFBEem4yb1FrRHlsQm1mbDNnUmw3U0dFMWRCUi03YWJyZTgyUzgzUGpUeVVwTnFPZ2d0SFYxUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[FIR filed against 3 doctors close to Sandip
Ghosh](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNa0VHV1AtNUMzYkFzVU8yTHdWenlvY0JlQXhxbHJvZ3UweEVRV01QYVpwejJaUDlsUDM1MnpsenRLRk5KLVlUU1ZLSk5TbzFUVVF0UFlyQ2FUM1I4SGNySEt6cC1IZ1ZuTzVyX29VTi04NHB6TEhLV19TTXdIUGxGNGczb2pfUk5sRWZJZFBEem4yb1FrRHlsQm1mbDNnUmw3U0dFMWRCUi03YWJyZTgyUzgzUGpUeVVwTnFPZ2d0SFYxUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

10 hours ago

* * *

By Tamaghna Banerjee

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lfXzdxaERCR1BpTFMxYnhLZEZpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXlhbUU0YkdGSE9DMUJaRXRIVFJERkF4aWxCU2dLTWdZQndJcUZ3Z1E=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AT8iZRL6eUcqE6QveDcDvxkWRmUmyT_OzkkVmZ20YRlylJqSMypckPekPjhINXiSTA47GzKicg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/zzcRhlGCg3AwEkrehudx9Cwm39oofTsd2EQiacU_GFr5gMQeRwIIS7Z8li3JAud7YFagJf01gw=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Al Nahyan receives warm welcome in Delhi on
arrival](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Al Nahyan arrives in Delhi, receives warm
welcome](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

16 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPdjI1QktISWVxN1RGaVpfMjNudEw1S1BwTmZDZUhxSUlSMTNfS0RjQTQ2dlRUS3NxVzBrSzBxWmNmT1J2WV96Y3VuSmdJZTNGc1F3WjlxWU16aTFaT0liYzdBdWZUYlZUaFpGeVd1dkMwNC1UUHJKa3Z2NXJJWTl5QXZpWHhfbjlMSWt2UWx1b0o2dGtjaFZhTlg3d0hPaEkyNmU0ZFZpMmpwLUM3NzhXcGU0WUZ6SEhJMGZtZkw3QmJwUEtYV3Zfa3pwMzRoRjdKb1NN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[UAE Crown Prince's India Visit Live Updates: India-UAE Bilateral Talks
Begin](./read/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPdjI1QktISWVxN1RGaVpfMjNudEw1S1BwTmZDZUhxSUlSMTNfS0RjQTQ2dlRUS3NxVzBrSzBxWmNmT1J2WV96Y3VuSmdJZTNGc1F3WjlxWU16aTFaT0liYzdBdWZUYlZUaFpGeVd1dkMwNC1UUHJKa3Z2NXJJWTl5QXZpWHhfbjlMSWt2UWx1b0o2dGtjaFZhTlg3d0hPaEkyNmU0ZFZpMmpwLUM3NzhXcGU0WUZ6SEhJMGZtZkw3QmJwUEtYV3Zfa3pwMzRoRjdKb1NN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxNQjRvMm55ek1uS05OZ1BLdzBMZ3BXc2w3RWc4UDk4NEtna28tSUs0ZFBlS1pmVm1XSmZOdXR0ZHJJUHY1d0ZuemNCNy1IbTFUaXp6c08yaWRNZUQxTDBKZnNicEREZU0yalJyOEtidVFRaGltbWpVRllEOGZFRTRndnNJT2pYU1hQVWRKTEV4WjNyVDhpRGZDUVM3RGtaNUg3RUphatIBqgFBVV95cUxNemRDZ1ZmTU5SbHJHNXNGcTVlOGVtSHQxM1pEeGNtR1J3MGg2UzJjT19KeENISFo2eWtZeTFRMmxzWmxKdDB1OVVGVWk2bDlQaFk3TzdhNU5jX3o5SUE4UE9rVDRtT1NQRzE3TjlzRFRDN2dNd210Z2tZLVpwOWxlRVRTWEJzLUIzWWFqVnRBNFBjVzNPSHFaWWVkaE9rY2lpaFMwMXhBTDh6UQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[India News LIVE: PM Modi holds bilateral talks with Abu Dhabi Crown Prince
Sheikh Khaled in
Delhi](./read/CBMipAFBVV95cUxNQjRvMm55ek1uS05OZ1BLdzBMZ3BXc2w3RWc4UDk4NEtna28tSUs0ZFBlS1pmVm1XSmZOdXR0ZHJJUHY1d0ZuemNCNy1IbTFUaXp6c08yaWRNZUQxTDBKZnNicEREZU0yalJyOEtidVFRaGltbWpVRllEOGZFRTRndnNJT2pYU1hQVWRKTEV4WjNyVDhpRGZDUVM3RGtaNUg3RUphatIBqgFBVV95cUxNemRDZ1ZmTU5SbHJHNXNGcTVlOGVtSHQxM1pEeGNtR1J3MGg2UzJjT19KeENISFo2eWtZeTFRMmxzWmxKdDB1OVVGVWk2bDlQaFk3TzdhNU5jX3o5SUE4UE9rVDRtT1NQRzE3TjlzRFRDN2dNd210Z2tZLVpwOWxlRVRTWEJzLUIzWWFqVnRBNFBjVzNPSHFaWWVkaE9rY2lpaFMwMXhBTDh6UQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2p1a19pYURCRTFZbC1wOTJaVmt5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNURjVFJxVDFWYVVFeGpVa1JJVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZdFJaaXVvUWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[‘Spiritual speaker’ Mahavishnu arrested by Chennai Police at
airport](./read/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOamJNb1B2ZUc3VnMwYS1tVmE2UFU0eXZJVUVMS3ZYUzRfT0NHeHhCQjNtR1JUTE1MRGwyNGU4UjRkWVJCdnFmOEpPUnlQWkIzYVZFS1E5WmhNY1drZ1Q0bEFyNF9wX0RrOWdjQnRJMkFuamxWNC1MYWttaUx0WkVJeUNnSVBLZVBYNm4xTDg1THh1c3JJRlNMMEdGMTQ2Z0lHNWIzOGREOF9YSVYzRFdzSXpOOVExbFp5LVczSUdscndRNHJYSGtWaldhVdIB0gFBVV95cUxPZjFqcHlvZHFzYVVQemVvbTNwenVXZmlPdVhWZm5OOHN4MV9peE1fQ3dCRFNKVVBGYTJHdWVsbjk3YVBNVVR0QjhLdVRRclNLc0w4eXNGYmV2Z29ZcWJWekotUC1TYlU5aTlCWXczQldpbXdLd2Y3WTVCd0oyRmZkU0k0YklvWnBWa25WOUZjbWtPU3o1MjdBWTBqbFlIenloU0VEb1JkckJrWmp3MS1rVkZFRE53WUFucFlya1dvc0xtQnRXaE5ieFNHZzZ5a1BXRmc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPT1ppalYwSERicnF3YjVRRVg4QmhOYXJsYThBSHlBeWM4WnRCRHZ1RmRkME1YbTRpZGFMUnJPNEdYWWdoS1V2Vl9nOE1xTUJQRDNaOS1BNTljOWxjQnYtYS15NnRSWGtJM2pieXlQZHpUQ01tWHdCQkJua3JROEh6end6VVhkazlLQ2w0ejU3MzRsLU82aHA3N0s4MDhVQzFwLWdWb3B1Zw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

["Disability Result Of Misdeeds": Remark By 'Guru' Sparks
Row](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPT1ppalYwSERicnF3YjVRRVg4QmhOYXJsYThBSHlBeWM4WnRCRHZ1RmRkME1YbTRpZGFMUnJPNEdYWWdoS1V2Vl9nOE1xTUJQRDNaOS1BNTljOWxjQnYtYS15NnRSWGtJM2pieXlQZHpUQ01tWHdCQkJua3JROEh6end6VVhkazlLQ2w0ejU3MzRsLU82aHA3N0s4MDhVQzFwLWdWb3B1Zw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By J Sam Daniel Stalin

[](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxPa2JKVHhEREhyZzFPVjdWOEMwOEJxQWNaRGVfcHYwQkN6bGh1V0JoNFNSUjRNQlp6TXJTNXZXQWFjcnZ6dUNLUldSc0JTZmNOZmV5bnVPRUNfM0hnaDRRdGUxWS1odFZ0WllXbkt6c0R6SV9YLUJ5MThNWDZXQnUzQVI2X1ZZSm9WS1NmRkdFLTR2TXhYWHowck1IZmtzOU43ZEM2RVU4b0NUX18wd01janhDUjJycy1xbWstT3c3REJuZTUyQ1NBemZZZjVPRl9MRG56czVFV2xudUJFSzFr?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[‘Motivational’ speaker arrested in Chennai after ‘humiliating’ visually
impaired teacher at school
event](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxPa2JKVHhEREhyZzFPVjdWOEMwOEJxQWNaRGVfcHYwQkN6bGh1V0JoNFNSUjRNQlp6TXJTNXZXQWFjcnZ6dUNLUldSc0JTZmNOZmV5bnVPRUNfM0hnaDRRdGUxWS1odFZ0WllXbkt6c0R6SV9YLUJ5MThNWDZXQnUzQVI2X1ZZSm9WS1NmRkdFLTR2TXhYWHowck1IZmtzOU43ZEM2RVU4b0NUX18wd01janhDUjJycy1xbWstT3c3REJuZTUyQ1NBemZZZjVPRl9MRG56czVFV2xudUJFSzFr?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 hours ago

* * *

By Arun Janardhanan

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['Spiritual' speech row: Committee to determine school programmes to be
formed, says Tamil Nadu
minister](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2poeHNtbERCRTZxaGtOdGg5RTBTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMingFBVV95cUxOalVTWVB3dVl4VnFhTWFRU0Y3ZFNPZjFSTDBELVhhbHU5VWtCQUw5Y0tpTWZLYzJMQ1QzUm9VQ2pLNlViVUZWdWJjTlpDc1N3NWRkLU0zT05HTWFHeUNZXzRqUVoxSDl5akpGZlJOYUJWYjZuWWV6S2htZy1DOUkyUWRSWTVhWEVCT2FLeTNZUjBmRktfYXBoYndqSmVqZ9IBpgFBVV95cUxQYzllVE9KQkpETzdHRG1NOHRyVzlWQjFJRWV0RzNIdHprSHdwcTh1VWxvclVLNm5hS0x5M0xpaWxxNkNaQU5VanVXTGZnd1ItUzJpVUxvZlRvYmY4R0FhcVQ4eFZRQW9KRDhRRG9uM2JBd0VTQTlDRDVmR0k0RFpoZ2hTVWNWODk3emZxUENWZjBFOUZ1UVFKM2drZ1doekFNMVc0OUpn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNW9WblJVYkVadFVHZFlTVkJOVFJERUF4aW1CU2dLTWdhUlJaQkpIZ2s=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[NEET UG 2024: New 614 Seats Added In Round 2 UG
Counselling](./read/CBMingFBVV95cUxOalVTWVB3dVl4VnFhTWFRU0Y3ZFNPZjFSTDBELVhhbHU5VWtCQUw5Y0tpTWZLYzJMQ1QzUm9VQ2pLNlViVUZWdWJjTlpDc1N3NWRkLU0zT05HTWFHeUNZXzRqUVoxSDl5akpGZlJOYUJWYjZuWWV6S2htZy1DOUkyUWRSWTVhWEVCT2FLeTNZUjBmRktfYXBoYndqSmVqZ9IBpgFBVV95cUxQYzllVE9KQkpETzdHRG1NOHRyVzlWQjFJRWV0RzNIdHprSHdwcTh1VWxvclVLNm5hS0x5M0xpaWxxNkNaQU5VanVXTGZnd1ItUzJpVUxvZlRvYmY4R0FhcVQ4eFZRQW9KRDhRRG9uM2JBd0VTQTlDRDVmR0k0RFpoZ2hTVWNWODk3emZxUENWZjBFOUZ1UVFKM2drZ1doekFNMVc0OUpn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By Puniti Pandey

[](./read/CBMigwJBVV95cUxPQ3JGMEg3LTFkZHNqMnhPOXF1MmpVRURtY00zR2pULXh5YjFwcE16QmNEQzdWd3NSTVJ1TjBtUHBIekZCS1VFa1ZqVHl0QUdrbm9RcVlaOG1zbUpBT0daMVNwVnZfYjUxV0dkTjNaOUtJckxqVWxEMWhrZHdJdkJhcUd5YmVWU2w4RmRFOGtXdldhZjVwWWpYcGRQYTY5UXhySWlRZllwNjV4Y1loV3c2dXVleVNWaFVoQ0V3R1cwNnNONDFiUnBSN2VDMTNFZy1zTEI1VHNHaHhFbGR0QUNOMk1xTlVGRU9sRjEwekhsaXkxOC1qVHc1R1RjVmg3WFFUNWxn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[NEET PG Counselling 2024 Live: Schedule for AIQ counselling expected soon at
mcc.nic.in](./read/CBMigwJBVV95cUxPQ3JGMEg3LTFkZHNqMnhPOXF1MmpVRURtY00zR2pULXh5YjFwcE16QmNEQzdWd3NSTVJ1TjBtUHBIekZCS1VFa1ZqVHl0QUdrbm9RcVlaOG1zbUpBT0daMVNwVnZfYjUxV0dkTjNaOUtJckxqVWxEMWhrZHdJdkJhcUd5YmVWU2w4RmRFOGtXdldhZjVwWWpYcGRQYTY5UXhySWlRZllwNjV4Y1loV3c2dXVleVNWaFVoQ0V3R1cwNnNONDFiUnBSN2VDMTNFZy1zTEI1VHNHaHhFbGR0QUNOMk1xTlVGRU9sRjEwekhsaXkxOC1qVHc1R1RjVmg3WFFUNWxn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[NEET UG Counselling 2024: Over 600 new medical seats added for Phase 2 in
Telangana, AP and
Maharashtra](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxPdE5NLTVsZHd0b1dKMGQtOG1nUThoQTFHWWpjS0xkeWRkZnhkVVFFWnNLd3NFRXl3Y2s4RUVvTS1RUHFJT1owblFSck1fV0dUcElTUjlmRU54aEdCX1FDMGx2LVlLVzdTcGs2UWp0YnJEQ1c5dWFvcmFNTmlMNHlMTXdueTcwZGllUUl2a0szYjl4NkUzSnpEd2xNMGp3T3paVVpKNjh3aUE5eDZDZ0YyTGpkTncwckl0b1RUSGhHNno0TndDUUxV0gHMAUFVX3lxTE1nMEYzcHAxeXBIemZ0T2ozenBDUGg3X3lFQzRKYkF1dzZSSGswcHJRUldHYkxZNElQWUVoQlc4TlVEN3N0b0FJb1NxX015cnN6YlA1c2wzVzh3cG5ydnVia1lseDBEM1d1SlAwZ2NPZjRlSEFQQjdFajA5Y095Z3JwWTRDWGxLM2tQQWFqNTl6ZnBncmVHRlZ1bDltTUlnemJybDRIZ1NCSGdRQUJqVUxuUUtqeUt1cjRfNFdSNVlGZzZzSWVDSXFlNy1fRA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[Karnataka NEET UG, KCET Round 2 Counselling 2024 Begins Today, Steps To
Apply](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

* * *

By Sukanya Nandy

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lmcWJhZ0RCRkVZQ2s2eGJmSmtDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOcmp5ejlhODVBZ2FrTEJJZEg2MnNuLXYtZy15Qy15RmxvYXNhQjQxSkR5SW16NDhNMERXM3hPd0o5TEFHY1Y3RWpmM2Z5Sm9QMERBSVktamxOV2NGelMyWC13MDZyRTRZQWZ0MlZSNU5sSGEwTzRyb3ViTDdaaHVQcHp2YzQ2Zk04RUxwdzVYTm5jVzNoSUFIcVV0U3VPdm05UDJJc1JPWnZ0X0NCdXA5cGhOemw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/4U3i55veUfZug2l2_tOpuobaq7t-aSE-
QynrAMPed4Hfd8XB04fzdP_0uR86bbTZKkzpor5z=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AcSvLHCGE1n2d5_0S_dwECz8YqYZvv426YoaqB22FoCIYldAtq6u5bt8sIxeM1rE2Y
--dE6GqA=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.dailyexcelsior.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Daily Excelsior

More

[BJP Releases Sixth List Of 10 Candidates For J&K Assembly
Polls](./read/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOcmp5ejlhODVBZ2FrTEJJZEg2MnNuLXYtZy15Qy15RmxvYXNhQjQxSkR5SW16NDhNMERXM3hPd0o5TEFHY1Y3RWpmM2Z5Sm9QMERBSVktamxOV2NGelMyWC13MDZyRTRZQWZ0MlZSNU5sSGEwTzRyb3ViTDdaaHVQcHp2YzQ2Zk04RUxwdzVYTm5jVzNoSUFIcVV0U3VPdm05UDJJc1JPWnZ0X0NCdXA5cGhOemw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNTZOWGMwTkhOcWIyY3lhVGxmVFJEQUF4aXRCU2dLTWdZWlZJS3NKUU0=-w200-h112-p-df-
rw)

Yesterday[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lCOWRPbURCSHdMVkZwRzRKYXZ5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNNGFZaTl0RUt6aHh6NEthOHFSb09oc3Z3RGNlTXN4SG41NFFfN2dQWUdiQ1F1WEYwaUdkdElWeGZQLUFXOXAzNnc0eEVnR09ONjVZckJMYTMtOUVsU2NndzhEb0RlU1hsNXc1aldONVAwM09Hc2RRWjA5T1RtdVFRWXJ5LWdLYW1rS3BlVUQwVHlqX1ZlRXBpZmU0c2lNWnhKQ09LRTN0VDgzVlluLWRXMk56RjVtWWtERHFJ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUxjSGxOWjE5R2NYUXlibWhJVFJEb0FSaWVBeWdLTWdZbE5vanNtUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/kkBP5GMG7WhGg_OaGvdoYp6jxPdIe5_HE4NLhmd8-80hpps2K2BcHM47_XxnxBo9ub0jbx1ZZQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/IQaOaz9wvZ2L-rhJ0ps6iWqyf8Zldw515lWwANVCh6MjE0kOqQQBwoFAWuJpzLIpgzRbde6J=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[In Rudraprayag, ‘non-Hindu’ warning by local outfits triggers fear and
unease](./read/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNNGFZaTl0RUt6aHh6NEthOHFSb09oc3Z3RGNlTXN4SG41NFFfN2dQWUdiQ1F1WEYwaUdkdElWeGZQLUFXOXAzNnc0eEVnR09ONjVZckJMYTMtOUVsU2NndzhEb0RlU1hsNXc1aldONVAwM09Hc2RRWjA5T1RtdVFRWXJ5LWdLYW1rS3BlVUQwVHlqX1ZlRXBpZmU0c2lNWnhKQ09LRTN0VDgzVlluLWRXMk56RjVtWWtERHFJ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

* * *

By Avaneesh Mishra

[](./read/CBMingFBVV95cUxOR0h6YkJ2VTJrSkRGR0x2WURxV1otZjlSLVJXSGgzUV9NNkp6T21LMXdNTFktdDlqNjkxdUwtcnhxaVVJdkEzc1FGZTZ5SU5rQV9HaXNKZkM5VGRZbFBiR0ZMandrTUNrUWpQLUc3Z1NXR2xJWEhONEY2UzBCNGdTdE10NzhMazNiMllybVN4SjY4ZEw1RldZY0hiNWtLUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Uttarakhand must fight
intolerance](./read/CBMingFBVV95cUxOR0h6YkJ2VTJrSkRGR0x2WURxV1otZjlSLVJXSGgzUV9NNkp6T21LMXdNTFktdDlqNjkxdUwtcnhxaVVJdkEzc1FGZTZ5SU5rQV9HaXNKZkM5VGRZbFBiR0ZMandrTUNrUWpQLUc3Z1NXR2xJWEhONEY2UzBCNGdTdE10NzhMazNiMllybVN4SjY4ZEw1RldZY0hiNWtLUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

14 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

['No entry for non-Hindus, Rohingya Muslims': Signboards removed from
Rudraprayag, but unease
remains](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Sandeep Shrivastwa

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newindianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The New Indian Express

More

[Signboards barring non-Hindus, Rohingya Muslims fuels tension in
Uttarakhand's
Rudraprayag](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pUc0phbkRCRVBjYWthQUNPdFRpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMimAJBVV95cUxNSWlpNFNGSTBkUFZ0UDVKbGZtbmhyQzBzZUVYZkNmdmFXZm9fMmxUNFUxM2I2S0dKMmlpblNKQXVPSWp5enZwNXFPc0VuVmdsVW9jLXpRYzVMcmJxOHZzeUdESnQ0bmE3a1YxUmVKa3RMRDk3N1luQlFzaHNfVktQTWdnMmtzeWgtQVFWV256YXlmZ2RpTmVaNVRRRVJ5b0ZOZlZrYThFLXZJLWJXV1gxQU9EbTFFTUFOejhvTnlWMV9rRVg5RTlBSlRFV0JIRzg4dTRHRDlQNF9ibV9ZSHEyTzJCTDljUFI1TUV1NU5wX0NxMDFNX0ZvYm5YRWhKV3g4Y08xWTQwZi1ackFoSkFob2M1NDczTkYz?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNDRZbEZ5Wm1wdldVOTNZbUV4VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhQk5KU1BtUWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['Untrue and incendiary': Doctors' body slams TMC MP Abhishek Banerjee for
calling youth's death
consequen](./read/CBMimAJBVV95cUxNSWlpNFNGSTBkUFZ0UDVKbGZtbmhyQzBzZUVYZkNmdmFXZm9fMmxUNFUxM2I2S0dKMmlpblNKQXVPSWp5enZwNXFPc0VuVmdsVW9jLXpRYzVMcmJxOHZzeUdESnQ0bmE3a1YxUmVKa3RMRDk3N1luQlFzaHNfVktQTWdnMmtzeWgtQVFWV256YXlmZ2RpTmVaNVRRRVJ5b0ZOZlZrYThFLXZJLWJXV1gxQU9EbTFFTUFOejhvTnlWMV9rRVg5RTlBSlRFV0JIRzg4dTRHRDlQNF9ibV9ZSHEyTzJCTDljUFI1TUV1NU5wX0NxMDFNX0ZvYm5YRWhKV3g4Y08xWTQwZi1ackFoSkFob2M1NDczTkYz?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxNdkVlSEVTbWNXTW9fcjRxVUtSYW9DV1EyN3ZWSzVMQ2F5MWV2bEw5Vmp4SVYwTmw3LVNxeHlvclRCcERIdHFYZ1JlQ0Ytd29STlJLeDlhWFFidzFKOWp4bk00TnBCbU04QVdFNFRUSzdvQVp1SDFaalB5dk91VkpSZWlpenVFMFo0TUNXdmY4UDM1aTQ4LU1GVk5lVlVPM3dtcWlZYjIyX0xXYmM5U1VhbXdsaE1Ud3FPc0x4ZnVveWp4dFhYNXFtUGxuOWR4WWsxUjl4d0pvRlNyUDk2WnExc1BEajhjcGk0THc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Doctors decry Abhishek Banerjee's ‘misleading post’ on patient's death at RG
Kar, demand
apology](./read/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxNdkVlSEVTbWNXTW9fcjRxVUtSYW9DV1EyN3ZWSzVMQ2F5MWV2bEw5Vmp4SVYwTmw3LVNxeHlvclRCcERIdHFYZ1JlQ0Ytd29STlJLeDlhWFFidzFKOWp4bk00TnBCbU04QVdFNFRUSzdvQVp1SDFaalB5dk91VkpSZWlpenVFMFo0TUNXdmY4UDM1aTQ4LU1GVk5lVlVPM3dtcWlZYjIyX0xXYmM5U1VhbXdsaE1Ud3FPc0x4ZnVveWp4dFhYNXFtUGxuOWR4WWsxUjl4d0pvRlNyUDk2WnExc1BEajhjcGk0THc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[TMC MPs who amplified misinformation must apologise: Amit Malviya as doctors’
association demands apology from Abhishek
Banerjee](./read/CBMitwJBVV95cUxPT3p3MDBLdnFiRklZcGpCWm1mdkU3TklxTU5IMjUySzFuRG9sZ0ZvNG5xMFZiNG5LWmx2SXEtY0ItR3BJNjVGdTNmd1E3NjdSNjczOGFUX2hLa1hqOHViWDVoc1NVbnJfQURDNGZwbERNTjFpX2RENkd3bk0tQS1HWGZqZzFWZzFWeldwU0ZpY1RUWm1ZX0h1WExpekJiVUxoWlA2Ull3Yi14OE9JSm1OaGV0TU5sdktJdnBjVjc3Tmp1SE54N0gtU3JWckg2RjZnbmlWTzNfRDRaRG9LQXFVNXA1WUhDWWpRaVV2al9ocG5QX2UwMzJrRTh5eEs4QXJHSzJPVTFnS2hpR2Eyc184amU2Wm5UZTJseEpYUHAxWW5FTGl1Z0VUbi1XajE4ODhIbXZEOWFlUdIBvgJBVV95cUxQbm0wTW1obF9ZcUkzdGx3dVhpQXRiQlo1NjhrLXBVUkhmYjZsR1NmaGtGSGNxR0Q3UDdzc2lKSVU4VjN0ai1SMjlwSzVhOVQ2Ynp1OUhzbFFnT0s2azU5ZElRb0VEUDNnUjhqT1lyd0JPTEpTUTRtbXlqLXVDR0RVV3VlYmN1TWdBTzJ4ZFFBMWUyMTlqX3FUZEFvMnM3OEd0LVZQMWUtSkNYQUQ2NGFUQWRqZHRYVjhNQndUeDF5VU9oRWRvbXlMZFFjVW1Henk2cU9TRHd6NEF1Z0NYb1ZvVlZ3TEtubXhiZzQtTWJtcGNZYjZSVVVtRnBfdlhzYXpDUzNLOU9ldkhrc1RXV0pmSVpPblNIQk1FTmRTTlhzZlVYQnF1a1J0UHI4NTl5d0J4SGU4b2s3dkRSUm1UdXc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOaGRqQ0NseDNyd1Q1LVNRQWEyaFNmUXdLVlhuOWdiOGxnOXlxaGJwOF9IMmI5LTVUdF9Wc0pQaWNucjFPVWhUcXA3bzNWNms5TExFTE5xZmxKcVFueEF6Yk14VVR3ZkpFRlNDeVNicHdoNmJYWDlHdTM1b05zZnRzcEtRUDhMXzF1dmlpNmNmZnlCVFdfZ3kxMXh4SWViQWN5TkRVRkl1RllvN1FlTU9fOTE5SmlIWmVPcmpCN282MGVSS2ZqN3ZCWnIwOFItbG1BMjFwQzFSONIB3AFBVV95cUxOMUV3VmdEZHBoMmZRbmFNM2prNkVWYjcxMFNmUER4WlJmNkdQRlZhanJvMTVKd0xZUG9ndFQzWnFhT3FWZDJmREdOY1pNSUd2dGxFNXVGZEJ0dzVqeHhnT3FQd3YtTHRtbHJFWEsxRXhYcE9xZk83NEI4N3ZpTUw0SWI5Zm01OVc3T2F1S1NEYUhTVmNoWHJSYmg3NkxHWXZkZzk2TlliQU5BV0RxbFNUbmVOazhyeVhtaWRkVS1MQllPYzF2QVB2eVdubzdUZjFvRGJRTXFjcDQ4UlVG?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

['False And Dangerous': Doctors Seek Abhishek Banerjee's Apology For
'Misleading' Post On Patient's
Death](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOaGRqQ0NseDNyd1Q1LVNRQWEyaFNmUXdLVlhuOWdiOGxnOXlxaGJwOF9IMmI5LTVUdF9Wc0pQaWNucjFPVWhUcXA3bzNWNms5TExFTE5xZmxKcVFueEF6Yk14VVR3ZkpFRlNDeVNicHdoNmJYWDlHdTM1b05zZnRzcEtRUDhMXzF1dmlpNmNmZnlCVFdfZ3kxMXh4SWViQWN5TkRVRkl1RllvN1FlTU9fOTE5SmlIWmVPcmpCN282MGVSS2ZqN3ZCWnIwOFItbG1BMjFwQzFSONIB3AFBVV95cUxOMUV3VmdEZHBoMmZRbmFNM2prNkVWYjcxMFNmUER4WlJmNkdQRlZhanJvMTVKd0xZUG9ndFQzWnFhT3FWZDJmREdOY1pNSUd2dGxFNXVGZEJ0dzVqeHhnT3FQd3YtTHRtbHJFWEsxRXhYcE9xZk83NEI4N3ZpTUw0SWI5Zm01OVc3T2F1S1NEYUhTVmNoWHJSYmg3NkxHWXZkZzk2TlliQU5BV0RxbFNUbmVOazhyeVhtaWRkVS1MQllPYzF2QVB2eVdubzdUZjFvRGJRTXFjcDQ4UlVG?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 minutes ago

* * *

By Ronit Singh

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lfbExxbURCRzNybW52cmFPRWN5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMijwJBVV95cUxNTGIzbi1TS1JnV0RfdEZ4a3g4UnloWW5yM0MyTk5yRmF4SU1kbTRkVzdIOWw1b09LOVNUNG54VGNtc3NOOTh2SkZocmROa0syRXNYQjdySW0yLUJVTFV6blQ1LTloYklXY0t1RGhkT3hSVm1nb1pzQVFWZi10YU1namlnTHBrVmU2YWZna3FIM3dxUXMwb1hkQlZuZ2I5aXVPMWx2cVd3cXlqM1A3QU1kQTFyRmt1VlFCdW9XNi0zNzdQZFpmY2JPQnZhajdVMEFTT1VTNG5fbHk2S1dlN19pb3lxbS1qN2VvWEtFZXNHMmgtMTZUa1Y5R1ZMd1p5YkxWYURUN0JzMGlieC1DVm1R?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUROR3RoTUZWTmJHMXNZa3BMVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZMUpJeHhtUWs=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Kolkata hospital horror: 12 polygraph tests, 100 statements later, Sanjay Roy
remains only rape-murder
ac](./read/CBMijwJBVV95cUxNTGIzbi1TS1JnV0RfdEZ4a3g4UnloWW5yM0MyTk5yRmF4SU1kbTRkVzdIOWw1b09LOVNUNG54VGNtc3NOOTh2SkZocmROa0syRXNYQjdySW0yLUJVTFV6blQ1LTloYklXY0t1RGhkT3hSVm1nb1pzQVFWZi10YU1namlnTHBrVmU2YWZna3FIM3dxUXMwb1hkQlZuZ2I5aXVPMWx2cVd3cXlqM1A3QU1kQTFyRmt1VlFCdW9XNi0zNzdQZFpmY2JPQnZhajdVMEFTT1VTNG5fbHk2S1dlN19pb3lxbS1qN2VvWEtFZXNHMmgtMTZUa1Y5R1ZMd1p5YkxWYURUN0JzMGlieC1DVm1R?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

12 hours ago

* * *

By rohit khanna

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxOckRfYi0zT2pmRGNhejFIX2NIUjAtZmpqU3l2Z3pncjFCQUFkRmV0WlcwRDBjYzk3QUlNX2VKNE1mT2tZN3VNQjN6UFJ0SlBjZTZlTC1QUDFkdnNLdkNkUXJneEN3dGdWQXEyLWRsWmo3TFlhTTRHeUI5ZzhiNGFod3hHS2o0a2FxMmxhLTFvSy04ajRRS3pEYnNNSm4tNHJTeUx4cFpidjlZRGZqNld1S1ZUbGplUXYzdE8zdVhzV3NGcERXeXJmTnY0MjFsSlRBQW5uWDln?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Kolkata doctor rape-murder: Supreme Court to hear RG Kar case today amid
protests](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxOckRfYi0zT2pmRGNhejFIX2NIUjAtZmpqU3l2Z3pncjFCQUFkRmV0WlcwRDBjYzk3QUlNX2VKNE1mT2tZN3VNQjN6UFJ0SlBjZTZlTC1QUDFkdnNLdkNkUXJneEN3dGdWQXEyLWRsWmo3TFlhTTRHeUI5ZzhiNGFod3hHS2o0a2FxMmxhLTFvSy04ajRRS3pEYnNNSm4tNHJTeUx4cFpidjlZRGZqNld1S1ZUbGplUXYzdE8zdVhzV3NGcERXeXJmTnY0MjFsSlRBQW5uWDln?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxNeU43bXA0bUNNcV9Nd2RIc2VRWkJrQ3dVblRCQkFjdmhhSDNNdjRXd0lSM2hEakJORmZkRmJ1VkJYclZKX1RKZ2NZamg5WlRvTnRuNjgwdXZvNWhWeW5YWEcyaUF5S3VRZTRfVmtkZEJSMTJ2eVFEb0lKVDhhcHZUUWgydU1fdmJhU0lLS1dwVTdKaVB1VzJ2emRuZWtjdzBpVkRDOVk4clV5Z3hhZk4xdzFVSktVTjFZYm5wRzE3OTJZbmt1WEMxZXYzRXJ1YWwzdkkzQVJYUTFCTnB2bDVj?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Kolkata doctor murder case: No ‘gang rape’, Sanjay Roy sole accused in CBI
remand
note](./read/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxNeU43bXA0bUNNcV9Nd2RIc2VRWkJrQ3dVblRCQkFjdmhhSDNNdjRXd0lSM2hEakJORmZkRmJ1VkJYclZKX1RKZ2NZamg5WlRvTnRuNjgwdXZvNWhWeW5YWEcyaUF5S3VRZTRfVmtkZEJSMTJ2eVFEb0lKVDhhcHZUUWgydU1fdmJhU0lLS1dwVTdKaVB1VzJ2emRuZWtjdzBpVkRDOVk4clV5Z3hhZk4xdzFVSktVTjFZYm5wRzE3OTJZbmt1WEMxZXYzRXJ1YWwzdkkzQVJYUTFCTnB2bDVj?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By Ht Correspondent

[](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxOZWpLNWpkVzIzakZoem0zQU9kZFI4NW9CRzlMR1lwX2VJa3RtbnlIcmdZOEVrQWdQQVo5SU5sQjEzQlRHWjlnbEtaV1owckRhUnBXMlRpZmJ0a0pYcEhwNW1XMEJTUEF3N2JRSjZYOTdubmN2YkJ4bVFBUU1iYzZza3hJM0NjOEpTUEVJd2xZU3dseFJEQ1RjSW5UUGo1TG9ialBMdl9CcVNkOHRyVXgweDV2RllidVd2QXYzZDE1aFVzY0tVOGFWaUhB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

['Ran away after seeing body': What Kolkata rape accused said in polygraph
test](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxOZWpLNWpkVzIzakZoem0zQU9kZFI4NW9CRzlMR1lwX2VJa3RtbnlIcmdZOEVrQWdQQVo5SU5sQjEzQlRHWjlnbEtaV1owckRhUnBXMlRpZmJ0a0pYcEhwNW1XMEJTUEF3N2JRSjZYOTdubmN2YkJ4bVFBUU1iYzZza3hJM0NjOEpTUEVJd2xZU3dseFJEQ1RjSW5UUGo1TG9ialBMdl9CcVNkOHRyVXgweDV2RllidVd2QXYzZDE1aFVzY0tVOGFWaUhB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By Rajesh Saha

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2liZ0txakRCSFNsdVR3S0ZyU1p5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxNaWJhWGJNNDVOQnpMREVrSGtVbVVWZjZPTjV1bkhjaExHa3JOWVBOeWRMQXo5cVEzZjJNUkVaVjFfS2JObjZ0SndIWGhGay11a2tWVFFYLWxJalhUU1ZONHBjYnFwb3J5MVRSODRQMDBIZ2E3MjJWSnlZb3JBNVdpYVpXMVFuZ1JvdWNPVnZLV3V0T25uaGpFT2R1Vy1lOUxXMGQwZm1xeEZoWFBjRW1yYnVOWDN1c0ZmczZGd3cxYXdPVWF0cVRiMFdnb2ZtWFZMWDFlOVhOMlV6Y05CSlE3MTJB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXBjWGxpUTE5ak4waHVNelUwVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZQlVJanV3UVk=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/NsnRxFx-c7TlajNqq1TGwMvsPqxNGY-H7l_ZvQr3ahYj42UbD7MG9mkLWTZQrvqRtf8hADIF=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/vjVMH1B1dq9XXbvwfSlEguPi-0a4_sETp7hbsBUN2LTq5If8zCKnlmx4r_4pSLA8M33_uWilbxk=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://news.abplive.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ABP Live

More

[Lucknow Building Collapse: Death Toll Climbs To 8 As Three More Bodies
Recovered, Several Still Feared
Trapped](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxNaWJhWGJNNDVOQnpMREVrSGtVbVVWZjZPTjV1bkhjaExHa3JOWVBOeWRMQXo5cVEzZjJNUkVaVjFfS2JObjZ0SndIWGhGay11a2tWVFFYLWxJalhUU1ZONHBjYnFwb3J5MVRSODRQMDBIZ2E3MjJWSnlZb3JBNVdpYVpXMVFuZ1JvdWNPVnZLV3V0T25uaGpFT2R1Vy1lOUxXMGQwZm1xeEZoWFBjRW1yYnVOWDN1c0ZmczZGd3cxYXdPVWF0cVRiMFdnb2ZtWFZMWDFlOVhOMlV6Y05CSlE3MTJB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[Police File FIR Against Lucknow Building Owner After 8 Die Due To
Collapse](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiywFBVV95cUxNMENXaWVlMFNCVUE0YUNOaXRGS3NsX3d3WTRBUXJBTWhoTjRYeWFmOXY3MU9scDkzSE4wQ25vRGhPQTNLb2FnNkwyazh0UkZhdlN5YWVWdUhfRC1idUlhZ203SVEydWFabEVJWFc4WlBEbnFfR2p6UmVodUFjcUJaMWlDZDcwT3hJMEJaaTlVTnAyZnhjM2hUZ21jUEpGemFGQ3VDVUU4VDVSREV3UFJ2enNubENJNXF2cEVWU2hPMWlYQjY0LVRQSVFEVQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[24 hours, 200 rescuers: Sifting through every piece of
rubble](./read/CBMiywFBVV95cUxNMENXaWVlMFNCVUE0YUNOaXRGS3NsX3d3WTRBUXJBTWhoTjRYeWFmOXY3MU9scDkzSE4wQ25vRGhPQTNLb2FnNkwyazh0UkZhdlN5YWVWdUhfRC1idUlhZ203SVEydWFabEVJWFc4WlBEbnFfR2p6UmVodUFjcUJaMWlDZDcwT3hJMEJaaTlVTnAyZnhjM2hUZ21jUEpGemFGQ3VDVUU4VDVSREV3UFJ2enNubENJNXF2cEVWU2hPMWlYQjY0LVRQSVFEVQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Aakash Ghosh

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Lucknow building collapse: Kept reciting Hanuman Chalisa, praying for life,
recall
victims](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

12 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2k5OU5PbURCSElqMUh4cVFyQVppZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVhVbTFaYmt0RVVXRnNTVXRDVFJDZ0F4amhCU2dLTWdhdEpJNk9LUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.greaterkashmir.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Greater Kashmir

More

[PM Modi to visit Jammu on Sept 14; will champion BJPs cause ahead of JK
polls](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](./read/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPekFoeV83c29naGJjQktuZ3FVNkUyTFZyRGRzSDBnWmxKalc3SFQyWnh1NDM0S0dZYjZoX2ZVQ21zdTlvNkZMU3hVRzFOZG1KeGkwbzVORGxDUmtteERhek9tRFZRTmxwdUFmVWd0NE5jSE5OdWZkVzQ4SDVjdkkzNDduOWg4dVF3NzZ5dEFGRjBrUHlGYWQ3WFc0aGZhM2FN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Only Centre, Modi can return statehood to J-K, at appropriate time after
polls: Amit
Shah](./read/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPekFoeV83c29naGJjQktuZ3FVNkUyTFZyRGRzSDBnWmxKalc3SFQyWnh1NDM0S0dZYjZoX2ZVQ21zdTlvNkZMU3hVRzFOZG1KeGkwbzVORGxDUmtteERhek9tRFZRTmxwdUFmVWd0NE5jSE5OdWZkVzQ4SDVjdkkzNDduOWg4dVF3NzZ5dEFGRjBrUHlGYWQ3WFc0aGZhM2FN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By Arun Sharma

[](./read/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxNZUFCdzdYaUZYZS1WMjJycEJJbmNPODdNTmp0V3hOTUtFTkRWV1U1VFVuNmxtS3RqLUc5U2txN2FLMFhVTm1FVGxLMVF6MEdKZkVZYkVvanladE1NdkNPdUdvOU1KZnRDay15MlJUYmdaclpZVE1ZUFRVSnRxbnRxS096dVlzLV9pakdJNHpCRFJlTm9FRURIVEt2bGNpVUg1djFHOXYyVTJWS2lEdnlySnFvWjZVcUdjMlhHODZCUGo5OTZUYUxiNTFNcF9PMi1jM2F2ZGc4ZHJ3UQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.financialexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Financial Express

More

[PM Modi to visit Jammu on Sept 14 ahead of assembly elections, address key
regional
issues](./read/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxNZUFCdzdYaUZYZS1WMjJycEJJbmNPODdNTmp0V3hOTUtFTkRWV1U1VFVuNmxtS3RqLUc5U2txN2FLMFhVTm1FVGxLMVF6MEdKZkVZYkVvanladE1NdkNPdUdvOU1KZnRDay15MlJUYmdaclpZVE1ZUFRVSnRxbnRxS096dVlzLV9pakdJNHpCRFJlTm9FRURIVEt2bGNpVUg1djFHOXYyVTJWS2lEdnlySnFvWjZVcUdjMlhHODZCUGo5OTZUYUxiNTFNcF9PMi1jM2F2ZGc4ZHJ3UQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxNRE5PYnhkbjRjMkd6UXlocXFYSVVCVmEyT0U0X2FKeE9VNWhVZTlyNVZKN0Z0bDdwMG9KMTZzVVE4YVVRYTdFYlN5b1NUSml6dDFjS052cENCVUdpaFNqeFRudFlYbDlKSXB1ODVCOXBZSTYzNG9zcGZ1NkxENTFHXzIzekRBVzU4QmFpSTJSSE5LTHZwOHZYLVB6SC1wUndmSDZ4QjRVelNoWFRlV3d2SXRNRFMzZ2VpSXVhLWxHRG5KS3ppbWNwVGsyVHp1TmxpcHR2bnhtZ09HT3c0UW9HZ2xTRUhMbHM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[J&K elections: BJP needs to fight public perception in the Valley, not just
fight with
proxies](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxNRE5PYnhkbjRjMkd6UXlocXFYSVVCVmEyT0U0X2FKeE9VNWhVZTlyNVZKN0Z0bDdwMG9KMTZzVVE4YVVRYTdFYlN5b1NUSml6dDFjS052cENCVUdpaFNqeFRudFlYbDlKSXB1ODVCOXBZSTYzNG9zcGZ1NkxENTFHXzIzekRBVzU4QmFpSTJSSE5LTHZwOHZYLVB6SC1wUndmSDZ4QjRVelNoWFRlV3d2SXRNRFMzZ2VpSXVhLWxHRG5KS3ppbWNwVGsyVHp1TmxpcHR2bnhtZ09HT3c0UW9HZ2xTRUhMbHM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By Auqib Javeed

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lTbmRhakRCRm5peVFUa0xvYlRTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMirwFBVV95cUxPM1dmS3R4RU0zR2JnRUJxVUx0MDJ4QnEtNERoR0czU0IwVndtTUp6NExYVHdfNjIzRkdWSnBMU3V1T1FoZG9CdG1IN3pyVllNbkQxUjFKeDNXSGdFcXJWQ28xdDIxdTRlN2llWl9GQ1pWZWdMN0Q1Z1FxMWJnaEI3YmpEVkpnWElTcEFSalkxM1JSUkJYb01KYnNfRUt0STF0VHd3Vlk5T3Y2UUt3N1Uw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVVMVVl4WkhaUVQyZzJWbEJmVFJDYUF4alFCU2dLTWdZQlFKWXdvUWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/NnIT09wxZM67ryObwUxkuEcAQFF2oAvk1S9lFWXK5yx4uDFnD1qWDkwydeEdu-
ECd20FbLxAV34=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pWU2-swc4xnDlFv7o5jE1s1QogUHwr0jEHyXz2E8Vs0-ofiePG5LrgfIKavTEWTU_h4EkCB6=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.siasat.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Siasat Daily

More

[Hyderabad: Madhapur residents protest HYDRA demolitions, pour kerosene on
selves](./read/CBMirwFBVV95cUxPM1dmS3R4RU0zR2JnRUJxVUx0MDJ4QnEtNERoR0czU0IwVndtTUp6NExYVHdfNjIzRkdWSnBMU3V1T1FoZG9CdG1IN3pyVllNbkQxUjFKeDNXSGdFcXJWQ28xdDIxdTRlN2llWl9GQ1pWZWdMN0Q1Z1FxMWJnaEI3YmpEVkpnWElTcEFSalkxM1JSUkJYb01KYnNfRUt0STF0VHd3Vlk5T3Y2UUt3N1Uw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[2-year realty battle over, Rs 2 crore worth villas razed in
Hyderabad](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

11 hours ago

* * *

By Sunny Baski

[](./read/CBMivgFBVV95cUxNaGJRbTlQcGhGYVZEUGZzTzZMWDEwS1FEQTduVHlkS2wyRkNpY2hFS0ptOUw5ZWVkTVdVakVlTmVhSkEwZE1NZWRQM1hDTktxclBfQmFrSGMtbjc3NkFfRGExdzVKYUFBdFd2eXhTNnltZnRWc0J4VFI4T19hTGk5MlZhSUZ0VDF1S2NVelp5aDdrRUxDLWd0SElyTnhkckpQMURfeGVlOHVYUHZQQlZvdm1XOER6d09mZzBKNnpR0gHEAUFVX3lxTE1YQkJzSG5hT1ZfVGltdXFMdjZLak1SUXlKLUFqM3BqaTItaWhQdXppTTdKN01TTmdQUGJ6Skx4UHZvcjR2NkRLSEtFWS1rR1JJWGhBRUxJbjVhdTdrRFJRcDF1U1hYcXdUTU53bjJJN0Y1VlRlLXBiZmVGeE53aFBLSHFhUnJBSTh6enctdENRaE9YX05RSlVmd0pkc0dBNUx4NlVvbjZsMENfM0luNjBqT0UyX3Zma2RHYmN3cWxjX2cweHk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[HYDRAA carries out demolition drive across
Hyderabad](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[](./read/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNQ0l6ems3cXh0NDM2cU5oWUwwM0lVWUhkbC02QWdNWWRJV195aUJGcklhWTZUNWVtV2FJNUlhTXpHSFF5enlqZmdhRTVmMFlZZkI0bnEzR1FjaFBybGZubkp3MURYcnFzcENEUFktVmhXS3pZclJSX0dmVzNMaGxYa2w1bTFKaW5PZGZBRXAyRWZ1bDNLLUxyOUlVNWItT0k?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.siasat.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Siasat Daily

More

[Existing homes on lake beds in Hyderabad will not be demolished:
HYDRA](./read/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNQ0l6ems3cXh0NDM2cU5oWUwwM0lVWUhkbC02QWdNWWRJV195aUJGcklhWTZUNWVtV2FJNUlhTXpHSFF5enlqZmdhRTVmMFlZZkI0bnEzR1FjaFBybGZubkp3MURYcnFzcENEUFktVmhXS3pZclJSX0dmVzNMaGxYa2w1bTFKaW5PZGZBRXAyRWZ1bDNLLUxyOUlVNWItT0k?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

20 hours ago

* * *

By Yunus Lasania

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lGcU8ybURCRVRpTjNCa2hBb0lpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQaURSeVJQaUFoNXB0XzloWmltdkRiNnBoNUIxZnNQakhwQTNjOEVXRkJ1TGlHODNvdXVjR2RRcVcybVhBejZDeXJvLXhjUG1uS3FZWXVIbUVEY0NoNkptYXFEOHlhVXdjYkFjc045VjNYc3R3am1ia3FsNHI5SEpTTXc4aUdwMmx4bDlNTVEyUDZTMEJNb0ViSTdfaG4xaTZ5OHNscll1VE1jc3NnT1lGbTVjOGNMcm9rVi01WEQ5WkNBZ0VUbVBFYzVVM1_SAdMBQVVfeXFMT0tSU0JXX0FUbmtsZ2dKdGRRd29Db3FoWmNDX2Y3ZFMyODNMZlktd1B4ajYxWG82QmFIdEJURXlDdG1SbVBhS0tXd2VoUHJJV2MtSXMzRjZlY2EyWlBmanIwNFI4c0RMWENpZjVLcEEzNm5kX2FnZ1FSMlNsWkFFZERQME1HUGstNDJDd1R3XzBKU0dLdlBjYnBfZXNmZVpCaFRuM2tsT0xNWVgxYUFtUW1ZSDRINjVGLW1LZDNnZkllYV85RTNRVE0zdXJQT0M5ZHNpOA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Surat takes top spot in air quality rankings; Jabalpur, Agra
follow](./read/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQaURSeVJQaUFoNXB0XzloWmltdkRiNnBoNUIxZnNQakhwQTNjOEVXRkJ1TGlHODNvdXVjR2RRcVcybVhBejZDeXJvLXhjUG1uS3FZWXVIbUVEY0NoNkptYXFEOHlhVXdjYkFjc045VjNYc3R3am1ia3FsNHI5SEpTTXc4aUdwMmx4bDlNTVEyUDZTMEJNb0ViSTdfaG4xaTZ5OHNscll1VE1jc3NnT1lGbTVjOGNMcm9rVi01WEQ5WkNBZ0VUbVBFYzVVM1_SAdMBQVVfeXFMT0tSU0JXX0FUbmtsZ2dKdGRRd29Db3FoWmNDX2Y3ZFMyODNMZlktd1B4ajYxWG82QmFIdEJURXlDdG1SbVBhS0tXd2VoUHJJV2MtSXMzRjZlY2EyWlBmanIwNFI4c0RMWENpZjVLcEEzNm5kX2FnZ1FSMlNsWkFFZERQME1HUGstNDJDd1R3XzBKU0dLdlBjYnBfZXNmZVpCaFRuM2tsT0xNWVgxYUFtUW1ZSDRINjVGLW1LZDNnZkllYV85RTNRVE0zdXJQT0M5ZHNpOA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iJ0NnNDJUa3BOV1RCZldTMW5TVkZoVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdNWkJCQQ=-w200-h112-p-df-
rw)

Yesterday[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lFeTd1akRCRy16MXRvRm5xX1F5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNTRWVEppYlRFM1lUSmZVR0ZmVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhWnNvQ053UVE=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Israel air strikes hit central Syria; 4 dead, over 10
injured](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Israeli Missiles From Lebanese Airspace Hit Iran Missile Manufacturing Hub In Syria | Details](.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxOczNZd0pXalVnLUVic2hjczBYVlZBamUtRlpOS3Zqd0ZIb1NiWXFKZlF4a0h6dGxlbkFZMmZnZGRnZ0NMaGdJNmpTVnF0TjVJTThfWGZqUlg0OXZmYnFycnFjR2djTDRTb0tEYnFpZEV5QmhxUUI0SGZhbV9hNm5WdXF0MXF3OXo1amdjbzV5WkJvME5QRnhZaEZNd2ZzTkhUcUtDR2ktTDlHaVlIRmtEZy1PejBYS2IxLUhIb1lKU255dTF3VzZuZ1l0S1ZvRkdxc1JhdVNjVDRHb3lWcW9NbEgxeERZUDNHdDJLSXd5TQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.theguardian.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Guardian

More

[Middle East crisis: at least 14 killed in Israeli airstrikes across Syria,
say
reports](./read/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxOczNZd0pXalVnLUVic2hjczBYVlZBamUtRlpOS3Zqd0ZIb1NiWXFKZlF4a0h6dGxlbkFZMmZnZGRnZ0NMaGdJNmpTVnF0TjVJTThfWGZqUlg0OXZmYnFycnFjR2djTDRTb0tEYnFpZEV5QmhxUUI0SGZhbV9hNm5WdXF0MXF3OXo1amdjbzV5WkJvME5QRnhZaEZNd2ZzTkhUcUtDR2ktTDlHaVlIRmtEZy1PejBYS2IxLUhIb1lKU255dTF3VzZuZ1l0S1ZvRkdxc1JhdVNjVDRHb3lWcW9NbEgxeERZUDNHdDJLSXd5TQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Yohannes Lowe

[](./read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPcGRfT0VSNGFNRmdvTnRaelRKb25QZmFwRm9KZHowTEhsSEZfWExSVUdXek1WSGxhZ1cyRzNuLTJCTFF2M0U5UDZqano2dUdsdWx5OXJ2VDR3UEd1VEtxT09oUWk1N2dqVTZwd2NxcklYaDZWd2h5b085REY1YzVTVHg4enROWXpnQTlOaUhHS0FhYkRsd3B4NUdn0gGfAUFVX3lxTFBHVjJqMzJ2OENEQ1EwT055akxHd01nZ0dzbXZhbGFzOTdZT0ZRX3NtQ3NVa3F0aXcwZjRCelZnUnhkMjBmT1c1Z0o3ZHdlSFVOQUEybkJaUklvQVFhRk9rTWdiRW5zY3dRa2NIb0wwRlExTjh6N28wMlI1NlByLXl6amxxRHpMeVN3Nlc1dHVwTC1rZUxtblIzNUpmN0hZRQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.aljazeera.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Al Jazeera English

More

[Israeli attack kills at least 14 in central Syria: State
media](./read/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPcGRfT0VSNGFNRmdvTnRaelRKb25QZmFwRm9KZHowTEhsSEZfWExSVUdXek1WSGxhZ1cyRzNuLTJCTFF2M0U5UDZqano2dUdsdWx5OXJ2VDR3UEd1VEtxT09oUWk1N2dqVTZwd2NxcklYaDZWd2h5b085REY1YzVTVHg4enROWXpnQTlOaUhHS0FhYkRsd3B4NUdn0gGfAUFVX3lxTFBHVjJqMzJ2OENEQ1EwT055akxHd01nZ0dzbXZhbGFzOTdZT0ZRX3NtQ3NVa3F0aXcwZjRCelZnUnhkMjBmT1c1Z0o3ZHdlSFVOQUEybkJaUklvQVFhRk9rTWdiRW5zY3dRa2NIb0wwRlExTjh6N28wMlI1NlByLXl6amxxRHpMeVN3Nlc1dHVwTC1rZUxtblIzNUpmN0hZRQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lheC11akRCRlM0X25CTlI1NE1TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOakhsSTFOckEya0NKbWY2QkFnY3BZbUJtbExINmF0Ul9nTk1XSi04SUU5OWcwbzF3WjZUVU1YQ1ZGNDRIaEphb3ZmWEJySjFxWVE5Vjc4UDdnMDNhTUt3TU5XOTh0SkNNYXZaZU5xdlFrZUNoN2wxTHFYMzRjUGRuMjU3ZEVQbUVSWnlaTDlQbXUzdjRhcFM1cNIBnwFBVV95cUxQcXlOdnk2d3hPQjNEQURTbHJ3Zi1HMFNkbW9ZcWthVHB6WDRwM1NQekxUbTQ0ODJQOU1fb3I0XzFEaWlib2pHdGotQ1ZZNnBOdUVEbnZDdnVsUVl0MWRGT0ZNQVpVSVNnNVN2bWVIbkc2a1ZWbGg0dWZNXzhhdDdmaU1VNUxXOTVvUzF5T255MVJIbDF1RWxDbjFTbS0tcjA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUdjbXBTV1Y5WmJGOXBXRTh5VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZWllZQlFVUUk=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/kkBP5GMG7WhGg_OaGvdoYp6jxPdIe5_HE4NLhmd8-80hpps2K2BcHM47_XxnxBo9ub0jbx1ZZQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/IQaOaz9wvZ2L-rhJ0ps6iWqyf8Zldw515lWwANVCh6MjE0kOqQQBwoFAWuJpzLIpgzRbde6J=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Heavy rain likely to elude Mumbai in upcoming festive week, says
IMD](./read/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOakhsSTFOckEya0NKbWY2QkFnY3BZbUJtbExINmF0Ul9nTk1XSi04SUU5OWcwbzF3WjZUVU1YQ1ZGNDRIaEphb3ZmWEJySjFxWVE5Vjc4UDdnMDNhTUt3TU5XOTh0SkNNYXZaZU5xdlFrZUNoN2wxTHFYMzRjUGRuMjU3ZEVQbUVSWnlaTDlQbXUzdjRhcFM1cNIBnwFBVV95cUxQcXlOdnk2d3hPQjNEQURTbHJ3Zi1HMFNkbW9ZcWthVHB6WDRwM1NQekxUbTQ0ODJQOU1fb3I0XzFEaWlib2pHdGotQ1ZZNnBOdUVEbnZDdnVsUVl0MWRGT0ZNQVpVSVNnNVN2bWVIbkc2a1ZWbGg0dWZNXzhhdDdmaU1VNUxXOTVvUzF5T255MVJIbDF1RWxDbjFTbS0tcjA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

19 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Mumbai weather during Ganeshotsav: Rains expected throughout next week; Check
forecast for each day here](./read/CBMi-
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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi8AFBVV95cUxOa0ppb0ZqVzFSSmhCVEgxZ1BZYm82anhodkpWcVdyaVVrdkQxS3FWcmp5cmpKR1gwUEQyOTViaElackhMTGNFXzBwYkVaQmgxM1c1WUNSMDBoNklvZEtQTUVIeGMyaEQxaDVjVlhReVRlbHlsV1hUNGI3LWxGQnFSbC1RXzU4YjhJdl8wRHhxUUJCdHdxNC1ZNy1jbXpabnJUOExpSkl6LW94bWM2Zmd6SGV2b25QSmhvQVNMUS1SYkRrODY3VkhQUjVJR051bnZGa3FOMXpCSTgxcVdyTnZHRDg5Qkc5VWl3Z1hBdzhSRko?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Mumbai weather: Devotees set to embrace rainy Ganesh Utsav; IMD predicts
showers till September
14](./read/CBMi8AFBVV95cUxOa0ppb0ZqVzFSSmhCVEgxZ1BZYm82anhodkpWcVdyaVVrdkQxS3FWcmp5cmpKR1gwUEQyOTViaElackhMTGNFXzBwYkVaQmgxM1c1WUNSMDBoNklvZEtQTUVIeGMyaEQxaDVjVlhReVRlbHlsV1hUNGI3LWxGQnFSbC1RXzU4YjhJdl8wRHhxUUJCdHdxNC1ZNy1jbXpabnJUOExpSkl6LW94bWM2Zmd6SGV2b25QSmhvQVNMUS1SYkRrODY3VkhQUjVJR051bnZGa3FOMXpCSTgxcVdyTnZHRDg5Qkc5VWl3Z1hBdzhSRko?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOMVlaNXVlaldKenZUZ09lZFJHbUNBeGZtdS1mVkpwV1lxSHY5eDQ1dGpGeFlFYUZjaHJEUEZOc0FZaGxlcnhSXzhBcnhfb2N1dXpoMFdsNEhXbDVYb2lRUjJVNkJkUzMxazM2OFhMclhRX01JUXEzYWJNdXRVVFNOQnBGZjRkdDdHcmhNSS1SM2k2azVqY0RpM0k0VV9fRXVBTW9NNG03V0ZuX2t0NG1qb2luTkNLdTdEMWExUTFBbmk0LVV6bmg0QjFzMTBxOVc0NlkwdTNnX2lsWGc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.oneindia.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Oneindia

More

[Maharashtra On Yellow Alert: Heavy Rainfall And Lightning Forecast For
Several Districts; Check List
Here](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOMVlaNXVlaldKenZUZ09lZFJHbUNBeGZtdS1mVkpwV1lxSHY5eDQ1dGpGeFlFYUZjaHJEUEZOc0FZaGxlcnhSXzhBcnhfb2N1dXpoMFdsNEhXbDVYb2lRUjJVNkJkUzMxazM2OFhMclhRX01JUXEzYWJNdXRVVFNOQnBGZjRkdDdHcmhNSS1SM2k2azVqY0RpM0k0VV9fRXVBTW9NNG03V0ZuX2t0NG1qb2luTkNLdTdEMWExUTFBbmk0LVV6bmg0QjFzMTBxOVc0NlkwdTNnX2lsWGc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Zainab Ashraf

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lnX015aURCRU11QjdBQnhlTlhDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVRiVFJDYURFMlFrMVBNR3RvVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZZGRJU09NUVE=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Leo Daily Horoscope Today, September 09, 2024 predicts a happy love
affair](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Jn Pandey

[](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOWVVpQWFtUVRqTkg4WXVuOVpxWVpRdUJqYUltbUtMTk5pVU9OVEl2U2lEbTlZeGtJUUtVUjdLV0J2R0lRYWJab25tVlBacDlzNGxzVVZxRVdza2R6QlF3SHVXNGFtdTM4M2tWWmpFNC1vTjJ5ZTd4Ymhib0kxeUZzM1VXU0R6NFlhLW5obHl5U2tmQWVvZWZEdVBCWTRLX0NfemVUOEpaSzloYVBBR01LU1hva0N0dzZmMVNIeXdYYkNuSUNjS1FfMkpIdi16VlRRSzdZZGdxenpfdWFJaDJ5a2NR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Leo Daily Horoscope Today (July 23- Aug 22) September 9, 2024: You will
display courage and
valour!](./read/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxOWVVpQWFtUVRqTkg4WXVuOVpxWVpRdUJqYUltbUtMTk5pVU9OVEl2U2lEbTlZeGtJUUtVUjdLV0J2R0lRYWJab25tVlBacDlzNGxzVVZxRVdza2R6QlF3SHVXNGFtdTM4M2tWWmpFNC1vTjJ5ZTd4Ymhib0kxeUZzM1VXU0R6NFlhLW5obHl5U2tmQWVvZWZEdVBCWTRLX0NfemVUOEpaSzloYVBBR01LU1hva0N0dzZmMVNIeXdYYkNuSUNjS1FfMkpIdi16VlRRSzdZZGdxenpfdWFJaDJ5a2NR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Arunesh Kumar Sharma

[](./read/CBMiggFBVV95cUxOV2JCT2FYWUlNNXZ3VkxkdGF0S1o3aHpnUnZmNVBEYy15SUplbEkyLXhla2NPZlhRUjNQaks0dXlfZE90bzN4R253VGZFLXdqVWx0WUwtelBmZERaM0duNzZoLXB3eV9ndVdPVk52QnhwTHJIc3JFeFVhR0VNZVlhMjZn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.vogue.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

VOGUE India

More

[Leo Horoscope Today: September 9,
2024](./read/CBMiggFBVV95cUxOV2JCT2FYWUlNNXZ3VkxkdGF0S1o3aHpnUnZmNVBEYy15SUplbEkyLXhla2NPZlhRUjNQaks0dXlfZE90bzN4R253VGZFLXdqVWx0WUwtelBmZERaM0duNzZoLXB3eV9ndVdPVk52QnhwTHJIc3JFeFVhR0VNZVlhMjZn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

8 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxOVi1fRmQySGZNZklXa0dGcFVpNEZfcFcwV2VxcktWTnN4TWQtWUI0dkM1bTdkOGFYbXVFLTliOTFha2dJZHNHSE5xMHg3M2R2c2QzZGNWUkVqZG84a0VsUlFjZ0NXUkFIRmY5MTB6U280b0RXeHhRdzJBVTUwMW9meEItSzhvOG12SzlWZUhBV29HU2YxWk5RVEVINFktNG5pM2lvNkRJSUJ2dlBNRGh4bjBFeVFza0RMYktENDJxY19SVVRmSFhEZDR2dlRZU3lqTXNkS0V3dVg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.oneindia.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Oneindia

More

[Leo Horoscope For Today, September 09, Monday - Leadership and Love Bloom
Anew!](./read/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxOVi1fRmQySGZNZklXa0dGcFVpNEZfcFcwV2VxcktWTnN4TWQtWUI0dkM1bTdkOGFYbXVFLTliOTFha2dJZHNHSE5xMHg3M2R2c2QzZGNWUkVqZG84a0VsUlFjZ0NXUkFIRmY5MTB6U280b0RXeHhRdzJBVTUwMW9meEItSzhvOG12SzlWZUhBV29HU2YxWk5RVEVINFktNG5pM2lvNkRJSUJ2dlBNRGh4bjBFeVFza0RMYktENDJxY19SVVRmSFhEZDR2dlRZU3lqTXNkS0V3dVg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2k3dEpPaURCR3BIQmNjaEVrRVVpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNUZXVEZsYTJoMFdFeG5OVGRTVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdrQk1ZZ0RILWtsaGdJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/il1YSB76BhyDivyobuHU_Tex2qT9kypjY1Zf2XNd6OUJoCzvNz25AMPkJP91myo6enzhhkpRxg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EHFzBnM0m86shsKnce5kAZQGa-
nORqgbe4q_PgqRwURLVtPtUjzd6SDx3LeItRtoDItWTmKnbg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[Virat Kohli & Rishabh Pant IN, 4 Players OUT! Complete List Of Changes In
Team India For 1st Test Against
B](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

* * *

By Harshit Bisht

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.espncricinfo.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ESPNcricinfo

More

[Pant, Rahul return to Test cricket with Bangladesh series; maiden call-up for
Dayal](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

[](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNQzN2YllBc3k0cVhEMTRXQWV2ZFh4bHBVYmY0WXdsem9WV2VvQjU2OGtZeUJ2NHhhd09TT2lSSW90b2F4VHpRWG9uWWxUa0pVUEJXaG9BLUlPNUlJLVBSVkZDSURTeHRsUTktUDRfbWptSnBvMXJRUkthU2Q5MjFtcXhja25iRE5kazEyeHVjMF9jZ0ZUdnZ2VVQ1U3BRQ0FzdktHMXdKSm1aczVZRzRRNU9PXzBWbzlPZVVsZml4ai1ESFpRbU5UZERGY1JEX05yZEEtR2wxelI5N0lyY2JZejBCanhmeXA5aXJTa1pZanlkQWlFV0lwREtoUXBKaHRZbG5qTjlLQQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Why Agarkar, BCCI speed-dialed Jasprit Bumrah for 1st Test when he was all
but set to miss India vs Bangladesh
series](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNQzN2YllBc3k0cVhEMTRXQWV2ZFh4bHBVYmY0WXdsem9WV2VvQjU2OGtZeUJ2NHhhd09TT2lSSW90b2F4VHpRWG9uWWxUa0pVUEJXaG9BLUlPNUlJLVBSVkZDSURTeHRsUTktUDRfbWptSnBvMXJRUkthU2Q5MjFtcXhja25iRE5kazEyeHVjMF9jZ0ZUdnZ2VVQ1U3BRQ0FzdktHMXdKSm1aczVZRzRRNU9PXzBWbzlPZVVsZml4ai1ESFpRbU5UZERGY1JEX05yZEEtR2wxelI5N0lyY2JZejBCanhmeXA5aXJTa1pZanlkQWlFV0lwREtoUXBKaHRZbG5qTjlLQQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Aditya Prasanna Bhattacharya

[](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxQV00yT2I4cDZqcVNTbGc2OVVYLURVbUg2ZERlZ3lfOTBtbERMSlFvNzFvRExGZ2gtSFphT0lQN3JlSXBXQ3lJZ0tuNjRVWGJCX19tSG9JZnJRUVZlWFlYQWVFWVZmc3pxVzMtaW4wMVZoUXpiX1lyeU1oSXE1U2x3ZzZsS20wbUJRSVRSdXgya1djZTEzcWFxSkVSRGo1RTlhSk9YQXYzTkhqOHlnaUtJQm5HOUI2U2RMNGhzbVdJUjZOZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.icc-
cricket.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ICC Cricket

More

[Rishabh Pant returns, uncapped pacer called up as India name squad for first
Bangladesh
Test](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxQV00yT2I4cDZqcVNTbGc2OVVYLURVbUg2ZERlZ3lfOTBtbERMSlFvNzFvRExGZ2gtSFphT0lQN3JlSXBXQ3lJZ0tuNjRVWGJCX19tSG9JZnJRUVZlWFlYQWVFWVZmc3pxVzMtaW4wMVZoUXpiX1lyeU1oSXE1U2x3ZzZsS20wbUJRSVRSdXgya1djZTEzcWFxSkVSRGo1RTlhSk9YQXYzTkhqOHlnaUtJQm5HOUI2U2RMNGhzbVdJUjZOZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

* * *

By Rohit Sankar

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pvcmNtY0RCRmdrRS1EdE03dE1TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNDVNV1JoUzFNNE1UazROVEJvVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhVlFwSU1wUWs=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EhgJfcqc741i6MuCdraj7h6JokSPSRGPEJkf66ZsOSBqDdyD_0iY-
yBx_VMGu3t92Mezztp_i0g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6SWJITTVK7767kX_JodARlk1DG2Zdc2sudocpMCx7CR2nfPCXBULelI20LumelQDtspHHho50w=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Bajaj Housing Finance IPO Subscription Status Day 1: Half the issue
subscribed in two hours of
opening;...](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By PARAS BISHT

[](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxPdFJ2MEdSRzY2WmFwWEkxRTdJdWppRHdqM0gxSURrQkJZU1Y0cWpic2liU0lubTdsN0dITHlabC1rVVdBZEZzVEZuaFVZenhRYXczWkRocWdPZlpYdUp2NnFRZ0UyQ1V1LWphMEJIQl8xcnhnUElaWGJ6WXRtTWphRWdRd1E3YlB3X3BqdHBJczUzSUZucFlVXzlFYUhRY0VxQktLemlZc2xZNmFzY3ViXzhiR01MRlZST3Y2MzBUMndGOWtNQmJwRnpnbjF5YjBBZ19JRg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Bajaj Housing Finance IPO: How to apply under shareholders
category?](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxPdFJ2MEdSRzY2WmFwWEkxRTdJdWppRHdqM0gxSURrQkJZU1Y0cWpic2liU0lubTdsN0dITHlabC1rVVdBZEZzVEZuaFVZenhRYXczWkRocWdPZlpYdUp2NnFRZ0UyQ1V1LWphMEJIQl8xcnhnUElaWGJ6WXRtTWphRWdRd1E3YlB3X3BqdHBJczUzSUZucFlVXzlFYUhRY0VxQktLemlZc2xZNmFzY3ViXzhiR01MRlZST3Y2MzBUMndGOWtNQmJwRnpnbjF5YjBBZ19JRg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

33 minutes ago

* * *

By Pawan Nahar

[](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxPQmNVaEtjNVEtd2xWUXMyWl93eGM2QTFOa2FQRVh6NDJCMGNOVVhZSm9sZ3Y0Z0p1bTdGczFibXdaQzBpSTFwbGkxME9VdndNR2Q1T24wb2hLcDE0QnhfckhLUk0yejlFb1JfVk9lYk9ZZjZsMzZ1eERQM2ZsbXFWV1hrX0Y5MVplOFZvQ09QajhhQTRXMnNqcVhpS1c0SzhjSDhTTnlvT2ZnNGtJTU8xUUs3YkFJVzl0ZjIxQjFUa05jS1dsNGFvY0tSQkxFSnA0bFQxWE9pX2ljdXVYeVhfSTNQV0lsS0JVYlpv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Bajaj Housing Finance IPO Day 1: Should you subscribe? Check GMP,
subscription status, review, key
dates.](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxPQmNVaEtjNVEtd2xWUXMyWl93eGM2QTFOa2FQRVh6NDJCMGNOVVhZSm9sZ3Y0Z0p1bTdGczFibXdaQzBpSTFwbGkxME9VdndNR2Q1T24wb2hLcDE0QnhfckhLUk0yejlFb1JfVk9lYk9ZZjZsMzZ1eERQM2ZsbXFWV1hrX0Y5MVplOFZvQ09QajhhQTRXMnNqcVhpS1c0SzhjSDhTTnlvT2ZnNGtJTU8xUUs3YkFJVzl0ZjIxQjFUa05jS1dsNGFvY0tSQkxFSnA0bFQxWE9pX2ljdXVYeVhfSTNQV0lsS0JVYlpv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Dhanya Nagasundaram

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[Bajaj Housing Finance IPO SWOT analysis: One of the few AAA-rated
HFCs](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By Abhishek Kothari

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pYNTdxZkRCR1cyaF9UN3Z3S1ZTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUZUMTlZZDFKVllUZEdXVjlaVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhQkFZZ29tUVU=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JufTzTMu9l6RFyXEEfl6ZPdS7xjYhoSXVmDHURyphjVSNK2zH8uWdyJKd9gg0YOYUCop4Alylis=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/L1imb9PspOXypQXjt3yPQrnXFfVcixw7dkjrigkUH53Cpc4AsiTyoxBk5FT4icBvXqYVEPNy=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Stock market today: Trade setup for Nifty 50 to India VIX, five stocks to buy or sell on Monday — Sept 9 | Stock Market News](./read/CBMi_wFBVV95cUxQX1BwUWdZN2theEtnUHJyNTA3Y210RnJsSnphY2FTajRIc29sR09TMjNzbVRnRVBGZHVVUElwT0dFaVBxQmZkUV9jbkNsY25BZXdIUnRlclJUckJYWU85YzhIU0JaWjJmUzdSeEV4MmJsMjRLUC1Nd2VhV0kzbjBvcndBcktjeVlTY2RLN1lBdTZMZkFFQzFkLTZWbjlJRlhxV0V3Rjg5a2RLT2E1WVdHWVV2MGVld1Fsa1QxZlhyNzNTcGFiXzllbW9acXFXS09heVBPamktaXFOVC0tNW9zVXZKQjFxc1RSOE1qMHdYQmZwbHdWOFJ4TW5CNDBPVGvSAYQCQVVfeXFMTlZvdFphUWZMR01rR2M0Mm5ILVoyUF9QVXMxcGl2T2RfbDRZZDAtVEZ3QUdDa3pncHllRGNiTGExNm0wanlheVBFWFE5Y1FrZFBpVk5tT3cybVlfaDNIcVpfNDNMZFRCWEVZUDZOaTJ6TjlmeXgxMkRPOUU5U2JWSWdodE13SDNheUF0d2xPajJudXNnNlRjM2xGNVNfTHlRa3FnLWlfNVhyZWJ1ekdBTFF6a0VsbTR4SGFIWi1oc2VBU281SGlOZmkwd2dkcVg2X2lMaEpic2NSVXdJNDBJbFR5eFR2dXAzWHRJenBZa3JielUzYzhsaUZDLTZ6UDF5S3c0VFE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Vaamanaa Sethi

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[First Tick: Top 10 global cues for today’s
trade](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Rakesh Patil

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.zeebiz.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Zee Business

More

[stock market news update september 9 2024 nifty sensex it stocks fmcg private
banks
up](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

37 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi-
AFBVV95cUxQVWtOV2NISUFhanJ2OU9RT1ZBSWtNazZYTXpwSmFsZHd4WTh4SDY5bDZqMWxYay1MekR3VExxM0hxNEFYU2gwVVBYLVlfRFE5Ym1udll6cGgydTFqOWxPX2xOQl9FQlp3dzl5My1zbVV6Y0ZZWjU5Ty1QbmVKaURvTF9OQmdyNmlwREViSWlzUS1KYnZVT2JBRW5xWWVRemMzaF9yT2lEWDlFVDYtaVFiWEZWN1ZoalZzVXo4SjRxb1h5UmtqaERBeGtVWnVkcXpWSU9qY2RtSml5NEJWeFZ0NnBlMzV3RTN6SDQ2Vm9WQmtIZUJsREFscNIB_gFBVV95cUxPaTBUTzZVUXllNXEwSFNpbEphM09fYU54blRacGlXR0JBbUZmdTFMR0hxOXNNTGRmM1MzSlkzUDdWYl9rUEJhTlFSSWg5Ty1DVnhiTEtwc01XRGg2UXBWWFlSdnNva0ZaZG9XNmpxYi1HQlRYajVaUk81bW9LenYtUDJtZV8wZDRscFZMNV9kU1dYZUk4M2ZKSmRrUFZ4WEJaQ1dfSzh4Mko0UUxtZGo4bExGV29mbTFnT0RpZjdEbzhnNzItSHNSX19wZjY1VThYVm9oUmpKbERFMW9vMnZvZUx5LUpMREdZakh2VEpYbzg0NEc4ZnhuYW5XdkNwZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[GIFT Nifty signals a negative start for D-Street. Here's the trading setup
for today's session](./read/CBMi-
AFBVV95cUxQVWtOV2NISUFhanJ2OU9RT1ZBSWtNazZYTXpwSmFsZHd4WTh4SDY5bDZqMWxYay1MekR3VExxM0hxNEFYU2gwVVBYLVlfRFE5Ym1udll6cGgydTFqOWxPX2xOQl9FQlp3dzl5My1zbVV6Y0ZZWjU5Ty1QbmVKaURvTF9OQmdyNmlwREViSWlzUS1KYnZVT2JBRW5xWWVRemMzaF9yT2lEWDlFVDYtaVFiWEZWN1ZoalZzVXo4SjRxb1h5UmtqaERBeGtVWnVkcXpWSU9qY2RtSml5NEJWeFZ0NnBlMzV3RTN6SDQ2Vm9WQmtIZUJsREFscNIB_gFBVV95cUxPaTBUTzZVUXllNXEwSFNpbEphM09fYU54blRacGlXR0JBbUZmdTFMR0hxOXNNTGRmM1MzSlkzUDdWYl9rUEJhTlFSSWg5Ty1DVnhiTEtwc01XRGg2UXBWWFlSdnNva0ZaZG9XNmpxYi1HQlRYajVaUk81bW9LenYtUDJtZV8wZDRscFZMNV9kU1dYZUk4M2ZKSmRrUFZ4WEJaQ1dfSzh4Mko0UUxtZGo4bExGV29mbTFnT0RpZjdEbzhnNzItSHNSX19wZjY1VThYVm9oUmpKbERFMW9vMnZvZUx5LUpMREdZakh2VEpYbzg0NEc4ZnhuYW5XdkNwZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2o0eGJXakRCRWpDMlpaeUZyODJ5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNHhNRXd5Y0ZseFpXRTFXRUkzVFJEZ0F4al9CQ2dLTWdrQlFKQURSLVVsaUFJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/sXxBVh8-O2ES4qxBT6SVUfw64x1ZAEd6HTaweDqieh47Ne5oApAnTNn4QU3rZ9ALH0QdM9TvAw=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/OmUIaFtPSJFWjqJgYtOHuQNldjSj31s4aZDax8MCluhREvAbfBzd311fHJgCjNl0jT9Bbaey2Q=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[In Praising Afghanistan Duo, R Ashwin's "Yuvraj Singh, Mohammed Kaif" Comment
Is
Viral](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.espncricinfo.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ESPNcricinfo

More

[Greater Noida under the weather ahead of Test
debut](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

* * *

By Daya Sagar

[](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxPQ2tobHlReDdUTUp1YUhjWGl1cWhXOHpwZHVkMFRDV1YxejM2bEd5bWdHVU4yYk5ZRFM2ZkVtbmhHSEtVbzNQS3l0OUJZMnNPMEt6c0JZSmllZG84Qnd3Ukp4TDhaQWR4WWpPcnMxbURSOXlzWDRUclJqdkZIQU9JU1VhU0Q2Y1Y0MGVaanNlSENoUG95NEM3emNnZHEzSWxfRUdSMEZGMnB6SHNBRlBwTGpZcGpNdWpNbDNkaEtvaFU5MEEyYnltUXZudnJoX0N2RTU5cjhvcmtLd0hWaTEyVWxYMXVKMVE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Afghanistan vs New Zealand Live Score, Day 1 Test Match: Next inspection will
be held at 1 PM
IST](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxPQ2tobHlReDdUTUp1YUhjWGl1cWhXOHpwZHVkMFRDV1YxejM2bEd5bWdHVU4yYk5ZRFM2ZkVtbmhHSEtVbzNQS3l0OUJZMnNPMEt6c0JZSmllZG84Qnd3Ukp4TDhaQWR4WWpPcnMxbURSOXlzWDRUclJqdkZIQU9JU1VhU0Q2Y1Y0MGVaanNlSENoUG95NEM3emNnZHEzSWxfRUdSMEZGMnB6SHNBRlBwTGpZcGpNdWpNbDNkaEtvaFU5MEEyYnltUXZudnJoX0N2RTU5cjhvcmtLd0hWaTEyVWxYMXVKMVE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMivAJBVV95cUxPNU9yLXFFTU1zbkhIaVl0NlFDQ2hpNE8tSkhvcm16T1lQSWgxTXFkWWl3S3YwZVpmOV8xbE9pTkZqeDU0U0g2Y1VZOUtISFRMa011VFdyRlpQUGRJXzBxRkZCeEg4akNRU0EtMDJkUVF0dGUwdDNGck42UC0wZTA2SVQ2SkVRTHlOZmNfTXhnWm5RT2I1OWR4TTV6VTZudHNpZFVJQXJRV200bXBBeTc1SFlPbXNQd01kS01FdjA4NElJV214bzVpVDFkaGhwVC1OcWRuQWhFMDdWblJSV0JzZE5CVjhaQi1yNElBWXBsRDN4Q1RhYnFqNzlKbzRXcVhxTi1iQlVKMzlqREJEbkxnSlJHLVdOMDdRT0trYmpSRVJ5QjZqNVRjWFY2V2pHeS1DU1I0U0xNTEhxU3FN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

['Yuvraj Singh and Mohammad Kaif of Afghanistan cricket': Ravichandran Ashwin
excited about young Afghan
b](./read/CBMivAJBVV95cUxPNU9yLXFFTU1zbkhIaVl0NlFDQ2hpNE8tSkhvcm16T1lQSWgxTXFkWWl3S3YwZVpmOV8xbE9pTkZqeDU0U0g2Y1VZOUtISFRMa011VFdyRlpQUGRJXzBxRkZCeEg4akNRU0EtMDJkUVF0dGUwdDNGck42UC0wZTA2SVQ2SkVRTHlOZmNfTXhnWm5RT2I1OWR4TTV6VTZudHNpZFVJQXJRV200bXBBeTc1SFlPbXNQd01kS01FdjA4NElJV214bzVpVDFkaGhwVC1OcWRuQWhFMDdWblJSV0JzZE5CVjhaQi1yNElBWXBsRDN4Q1RhYnFqNzlKbzRXcVhxTi1iQlVKMzlqREJEbkxnSlJHLVdOMDdRT0trYmpSRVJ5QjZqNVRjWFY2V2pHeS1DU1I0U0xNTEhxU3FN?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pUcGNDbURCSGxxMmxNY3hBd3JpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi_wFBVV95cUxOUlhUTDE1UFU5Zmw0cGRoQ09pTGZaSUM5YkR1ZVUzNks1VzctRzI3NDBabkFEN3dBaFFOR3ZCUU5xOG9heEJsUVE5TjZHNUVTOFVrc1piR2hRRzYxd05ZZjVTVzN3OU55Mk5rQm9PT29XVWVmS0xWTXZ6VWVnZ0lmSGxwbkl2MTRCdnMybkpkb2RWRFdMbDJJYlBQRGZDb1RFV3VsUW9VeUl3dkYxdDRLVU9jZndOcTdWbnVlVXdTOUNXa09ZbVIxUmJONHF2MUdvc293ZWdlYU8zdlplV2Rldkg4QWRmMlREcEtydTlKMWxicmpPOEtRZ0psUnhTREXSAYQCQVVfeXFMT2lqV2FkYzM3YXpjUzFKcGxwWnFYTWYwZVNiVG5jYjdaSjRYZHRTcl9adFJsMHZVbU5yZzJYaExBb1FKT3VqMkNaczV1S29OQ3NhV01rN1hpWDRKdHB5NEdmbzkwMmpKX2RsSUpYRlhZRkVYSHB4SDFMUXdodzhjQVIzTGhrZjlWdHhLMGlEc2VtS1Y3UnVnSVVNd2s3Z0syMXZUZGNRbnBtcU1jYV80VzRDQlUtem9lN2JmQndLUTdwQWtNN2tKbnQtRXREMWltMUdpRVJFb2tnd3g0S2hLSWRjVzltLWw1aEtHNS1xZXhLMjQ3bFl4ZWtXbUh5Smk1S0Y2Y0I?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVpaWFZOUVVaYWVFZG9jV2RuVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdheFJZQ3ZJUWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Actor Vikas Sethi last Instagram post before he passed away; actor shared
pictures with his
mom](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi9gFBVV95cUxNM1M5ZmdqNnB2T04xMFhleGQxRS1uOERtVVQwR1NrbGlGLTJqdXZGY25WYmZpYWtydGhZWVVvMDZmVTh4UFpBb29KaWJjdk1IaUE0NzVmWGhhbTlweVZhZXluUGdqcmRUT1hWd3NvRzF1UEhTbTdzR1JIUUNoeGJ5VUY4T2xJVldSa0txZjNpYnJNRm9fcE1nMWtidWZKcElpSVN5QklSNDdfak1ZS3pFMGlsU2FzTUNycklqVUNHOXVkeEJ2U2w0TU5XUlJGNEVvNlJIRzFINTNnQmFWNDBBNmxwZDFySVJpaDhiZEN4WDFlMXhVeVE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Vikas Sethi’s death: Wife confesses he was unwell, Hiten Tejwani and Delnaaz
Irani share fond
memories](./read/CBMi9gFBVV95cUxNM1M5ZmdqNnB2T04xMFhleGQxRS1uOERtVVQwR1NrbGlGLTJqdXZGY25WYmZpYWtydGhZWVVvMDZmVTh4UFpBb29KaWJjdk1IaUE0NzVmWGhhbTlweVZhZXluUGdqcmRUT1hWd3NvRzF1UEhTbTdzR1JIUUNoeGJ5VUY4T2xJVldSa0txZjNpYnJNRm9fcE1nMWtidWZKcElpSVN5QklSNDdfak1ZS3pFMGlsU2FzTUNycklqVUNHOXVkeEJ2U2w0TU5XUlJGNEVvNlJIRzFINTNnQmFWNDBBNmxwZDFySVJpaDhiZEN4WDFlMXhVeVE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

47 minutes ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatvnews.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India TV News

More

[Vikas Sethi's wife reveals THESE details about 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu
Thi' actor's
death](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 minutes ago

* * *

By Sakshi Verma

[](./read/CBMi_wFBVV95cUxOMFBmTXdZME5nV3VBNHFNWl9CNjhES1FpNVR4STI2eWVBcHlWaW1WSlRGQWM1WlIzMlZRbDN6aWRiaEdrU2NuU2owN2tkMHBNNllUbGRTNDBDYXJCS3BqcGluTzNxOHNCanhvTEVIRUstdTA5SXpIbXdXWDd0YnJ0NEJJTUlrc2dzTGhaZENvS2NmaER2UlNzc1JUSWlXVU43dzU2RDRYLTc5QkxSbk5zbWdNTUtIU1g4T1pNSFNpcEVTVDRhX0pMUVowWXZwbEFYalYxNFFKdHVQNldzNzlRUGRURzgzMDJFdnJTOWVMVTg2cEdOZjBnbHUxYWw0Mmc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Actor Vikas Sethi’s wife on his final hours: He didn’t want to be
hospitalised](./read/CBMi_wFBVV95cUxOMFBmTXdZME5nV3VBNHFNWl9CNjhES1FpNVR4STI2eWVBcHlWaW1WSlRGQWM1WlIzMlZRbDN6aWRiaEdrU2NuU2owN2tkMHBNNllUbGRTNDBDYXJCS3BqcGluTzNxOHNCanhvTEVIRUstdTA5SXpIbXdXWDd0YnJ0NEJJTUlrc2dzTGhaZENvS2NmaER2UlNzc1JUSWlXVU43dzU2RDRYLTc5QkxSbk5zbWdNTUtIU1g4T1pNSFNpcEVTVDRhX0pMUVowWXZwbEFYalYxNFFKdHVQNldzNzlRUGRURzgzMDJFdnJTOWVMVTg2cEdOZjBnbHUxYWw0Mmc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2phdVpDbkRCSHpRTUhkSXRqbS1DZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNW5Va0ZST0drelJXNTNPR2xMVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhWlVwSVRvUWc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Bangladesh to take necessary steps to get Sheikh Hasina extradited from
India](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[](./read/CBMigwJBVV95cUxQdkxscW45SWxFeWY4cUNhSVV5R3diaTh4bnRZVVhsTWpuSmJkTThFMzlVNklQRF9mWEJDX3BRSXFaeVJlVHlaVjktaGNvUFhUNGxoTDVGZF9zWmZqanZMaWxhTER5bXVZRTNvWVdBQnFlQlRYeHAtdUQwZDNELUVjY3p5OUhGenZjN3l5VjNqSVZGZ3IzLXVKMmlHMk94aWsxdjhqUTNuOUVId3B5ZUVhVkl3a2gxMG14cTMxcFFKMkxmT0VEVk1fb0Y3dlFrSXZxZDI4YXZwQjduSVlDajUtZnZuMXljaUpPNVFlR2U5dGZ5dUxHdXAxYV9pZzZqMVJQWUZB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Sheikh Hasina’s extradition conundrum: What are India’s
options?](./read/CBMigwJBVV95cUxQdkxscW45SWxFeWY4cUNhSVV5R3diaTh4bnRZVVhsTWpuSmJkTThFMzlVNklQRF9mWEJDX3BRSXFaeVJlVHlaVjktaGNvUFhUNGxoTDVGZF9zWmZqanZMaWxhTER5bXVZRTNvWVdBQnFlQlRYeHAtdUQwZDNELUVjY3p5OUhGenZjN3l5VjNqSVZGZ3IzLXVKMmlHMk94aWsxdjhqUTNuOUVId3B5ZUVhVkl3a2gxMG14cTMxcFFKMkxmT0VEVk1fb0Y3dlFrSXZxZDI4YXZwQjduSVlDajUtZnZuMXljaUpPNVFlR2U5dGZ5dUxHdXAxYV9pZzZqMVJQWUZB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

Opinion

* * *

By Sweta Singh

[](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxQc0pBeEpxLUNES0prNW5GbnZiRVd4NGE0T1BVVThNcVZsaDlxWVk0T18wZDlyazVKT0NveXhWaEEteExfTkszZ0M2SkZuUFI4dFQxeUh5bG5IWkVaUE5famZublVISTc2d283T2VMN1FabFZCeFRpZmIzelNHMXlQRFh0a0c4QVVWejE2X2NENjhNcUh0Qm85ZmRUUUlLWVluU3Q0dTdTdXJMVVN5WlBtemNpVU0xMHZpSllGSl95a0lfME1STENubklCYVZ0cFZiTnhPMA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Bangladesh vows ‘necessary steps’ to extradite ex-PM Sheikh Hasina from
India](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxQc0pBeEpxLUNES0prNW5GbnZiRVd4NGE0T1BVVThNcVZsaDlxWVk0T18wZDlyazVKT0NveXhWaEEteExfTkszZ0M2SkZuUFI4dFQxeUh5bG5IWkVaUE5famZublVISTc2d283T2VMN1FabFZCeFRpZmIzelNHMXlQRFh0a0c4QVVWejE2X2NENjhNcUh0Qm85ZmRUUUlLWVluU3Q0dTdTdXJMVVN5WlBtemNpVU0xMHZpSllGSl95a0lfME1STENubklCYVZ0cFZiTnhPMA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

20 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNWHZyNkhYNjBMR2dXWFIxRXMtZDJSZzlrbWYwWnZfekdKMGZfcXBQMzU5RHJKcFBQX2xfV0J2U0pHXzBLZnpQNk0wTFVQNFktb085aXBuZHRtck8yTnViNGRJV3B6Yi1iOEU1SHdNeUNJb0Y3NXp2aTNxeWpWeE9LYVBjY1hnNWxFOEd1ZXJ6Vk9GSUdpRWJKNW81Uy1mZ2JjYWFRVWs5bThYVTBTSGxkYk5xOWVrS1JtaER4US1pTXhqQklwZG9IVS1RcFRMTXhydy13Tmg3Y3NfTFVCeGs2Nnl3OA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Bangladesh plans Sheikh Hasina's extradition to put her on trial for 'mass
killings'](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNWHZyNkhYNjBMR2dXWFIxRXMtZDJSZzlrbWYwWnZfekdKMGZfcXBQMzU5RHJKcFBQX2xfV0J2U0pHXzBLZnpQNk0wTFVQNFktb085aXBuZHRtck8yTnViNGRJV3B6Yi1iOEU1SHdNeUNJb0Y3NXp2aTNxeWpWeE9LYVBjY1hnNWxFOEd1ZXJ6Vk9GSUdpRWJKNW81Uy1mZ2JjYWFRVWs5bThYVTBTSGxkYk5xOWVrS1JtaER4US1pTXhqQklwZG9IVS1RcFRMTXhydy13Tmg3Y3NfTFVCeGs2Nnl3OA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

20 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pwdElxbkRCSGEtcnpWdV9YVElDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNVRSbVY2WTBaVk4ydzFPRFJuVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdtQk1acmxwcWcxWmdJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Stree 2 box office collection: Shraddha Kapoor's film beats SRK's Pathaan
record](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMingJBVV95cUxOU21WVEVnNzZDdkk1ZTd2aXNYUTZkYnlLWVc0djFiWEVEc3ZDVl9LQzJDYUNOdzdTZEdESllZQklUNnl0eEtjVDlpQnEzU3ZfR1RURWFTdllwdFRHZUFhaXNXZDBEZF94a0Z1SkVqLVgzanNTeVhzZ3VadmszTGRHUXFkMndOdUJPaDE1VkZ1ZER4UkV0UVZsZ3BpbmxYVG15bFA0UGZKbUpfWElselBUcGk3TUV1MkFRMkZ3cmw1bWU4VHRWUWUyRFExSjZrSGV6WUNKS0N1UGlQQTJGSnhjVHZ4cGQyd2luR21CSVlCOVhsSTAzeDBISkJqWVQ1YmdWQkRwSy1Oc0hfUURqb2s1Uzc4djNRaUlQcE5MMGN3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

['Stree 2' box office collection day 25: Shraddha Kapoor-Rajkummar Rao's film
tops SRK's Pathaan, crosses Rs 550 crore in
India](./read/CBMingJBVV95cUxOU21WVEVnNzZDdkk1ZTd2aXNYUTZkYnlLWVc0djFiWEVEc3ZDVl9LQzJDYUNOdzdTZEdESllZQklUNnl0eEtjVDlpQnEzU3ZfR1RURWFTdllwdFRHZUFhaXNXZDBEZF94a0Z1SkVqLVgzanNTeVhzZ3VadmszTGRHUXFkMndOdUJPaDE1VkZ1ZER4UkV0UVZsZ3BpbmxYVG15bFA0UGZKbUpfWElselBUcGk3TUV1MkFRMkZ3cmw1bWU4VHRWUWUyRFExSjZrSGV6WUNKS0N1UGlQQTJGSnhjVHZ4cGQyd2luR21CSVlCOVhsSTAzeDBISkJqWVQ1YmdWQkRwSy1Oc0hfUURqb2s1Uzc4djNRaUlQcE5MMGN3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Mehak Agarwal

[](./read/CBMixAJBVV95cUxQRUhkZXY5eEdXOG5iSFdhUnpGTEFkYl9VblFIQmljdlhka3ZnVnYyeHo4NGFkYjh2VjBPa25CODQwTFVtd2M2cDZ2NFNFUk9tYW1LTGpka2U4WEprU3ZNYlJBamYzWUxFME9Vc2J2SWhsbUYyeC1leHZ4aGMwcjFidjV0SUxRQ0YtRXY1Y2N1S2oxem1qWVZTa2p0bFotdndkY2xCei1DckJFaTJuWkpRMDdESTdWNV83QXYwYWdoU3RERlBmOGNOTi1ZMXJDQnRPS0VPSnc0VlVsaHJNTUtmX0NPdUNPa1Nwd2RMVE4tOUdpR1BjcjhFZG1sY1MyU3pGZW9RdTZYN3JnYS1NdlUxRTdDNnFacG94RVVINTBEZnJPTGVNTWI3LTY1UGF3OEwzLWRUZGQtdE5LalNkazNrRUV1QUo?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

TOI Etimes

More

[Shraddha Kapoor- Rajkummar Rao’s Stree 2 beats Shah Rukh Khan’s Jawan to set
record for the highest 4th
w](./read/CBMixAJBVV95cUxQRUhkZXY5eEdXOG5iSFdhUnpGTEFkYl9VblFIQmljdlhka3ZnVnYyeHo4NGFkYjh2VjBPa25CODQwTFVtd2M2cDZ2NFNFUk9tYW1LTGpka2U4WEprU3ZNYlJBamYzWUxFME9Vc2J2SWhsbUYyeC1leHZ4aGMwcjFidjV0SUxRQ0YtRXY1Y2N1S2oxem1qWVZTa2p0bFotdndkY2xCei1DckJFaTJuWkpRMDdESTdWNV83QXYwYWdoU3RERlBmOGNOTi1ZMXJDQnRPS0VPSnc0VlVsaHJNTUtmX0NPdUNPa1Nwd2RMVE4tOUdpR1BjcjhFZG1sY1MyU3pGZW9RdTZYN3JnYS1NdlUxRTdDNnFacG94RVVINTBEZnJPTGVNTWI3LTY1UGF3OEwzLWRUZGQtdE5LalNkazNrRUV1QUo?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.telegraphindia.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Telegraph India

More

[Stree 2 set to replace Shah Rukh Khan’s Jawan as highest-grossing Hindi film
of all time in
India](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

11 minutes ago

* * *

By Agnivo Niyogi

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lTelBhbURCRkJ5anpBaENEZGNDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNDRTblJuZEVwVlNsWXljRlJVVFJEZ0F4aUFCU2dLTWdZQkFZYnVFQW8=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Gala Precision Engineering shares list at 42% premium over IPO
price](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Akash Podishetti

[](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNTkJMSzFmMmRwSUllOEV1elZiRU5aZnJ3RzdJd3E2bkJwMWdyTHlhaThyeUU5VVNSdE5HcFhKMWpYM1liT3FCaWswU0VlUlZzQWNmY29sMkZnZjJuekc1ZlMyUEIyaTJaRkZ0OUVuVjdhdzZnWWM3eDhBVzgyYUZqTmZKTjl0Y3FjZjdnbU55UTRpVkVCUTdnYzBuT0tQOVN4eXJHeEtfT0g0SGxVZjd6WVBCV1B6WFkzYzBnME9hQkxCQldRZVlpYmViYlJPS1RNWk1WS2x5U3ZKZWd1eHJ0ZQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Gala Precision Engineering IPO listing date today; GMP, experts signal strong
debut of
shares](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNTkJMSzFmMmRwSUllOEV1elZiRU5aZnJ3RzdJd3E2bkJwMWdyTHlhaThyeUU5VVNSdE5HcFhKMWpYM1liT3FCaWswU0VlUlZzQWNmY29sMkZnZjJuekc1ZlMyUEIyaTJaRkZ0OUVuVjdhdzZnWWM3eDhBVzgyYUZqTmZKTjl0Y3FjZjdnbU55UTRpVkVCUTdnYzBuT0tQOVN4eXJHeEtfT0g0SGxVZjd6WVBCV1B6WFkzYzBnME9hQkxCQldRZVlpYmViYlJPS1RNWk1WS2x5U3ZKZWd1eHJ0ZQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Ankit Gohel

[](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxOSHFsd3hTQkt1TjZxTXBDRFNTQmNlcWhlR2EwRDMycWRTdjhpUzFjTmpuSnZ0ZVZZVW9feFV0TUk0TjdjRnlZSVR1WHpHdmt1MEtvalBEMGVLSDkwby0wLU9xQ3JrajYtZWg1TE9ERS0yUWQxVFdac0RGNlBKWEZoNEtOb00xN2kwalhRSHlqQ195TEdDbzExbkIwN3BZS0kzYUF5QVB6RTkwU1FtVHl3TkdycXRkMTB4RWstUTJBY1FBNjBkd1dHbFNMcGhTcHlMRm9yN1dfbHR3N0c4ckpVVFo3OW9vZ3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Gala Precision Engineering makes solid market debut, shares list at 42%
premium](./read/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxOSHFsd3hTQkt1TjZxTXBDRFNTQmNlcWhlR2EwRDMycWRTdjhpUzFjTmpuSnZ0ZVZZVW9feFV0TUk0TjdjRnlZSVR1WHpHdmt1MEtvalBEMGVLSDkwby0wLU9xQ3JrajYtZWg1TE9ERS0yUWQxVFdac0RGNlBKWEZoNEtOb00xN2kwalhRSHlqQ195TEdDbzExbkIwN3BZS0kzYUF5QVB6RTkwU1FtVHl3TkdycXRkMTB4RWstUTJBY1FBNjBkd1dHbFNMcGhTcHlMRm9yN1dfbHR3N0c4ckpVVFo3OW9vZ3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Pawan Nahar

[](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNZlJidjlsd2ZnXzU0NkNqMEQyMFZoYmZYcGdJM1JDVVZqdHBKTzI0TXBGNGFZQWNTdDVJUWw4cEUzUnp0NG10cVB0c2pLTkU0RmNwcWlnM3QwYVVuNWI1R1VnNEZuTWQtZ21sNDBHcjVEaC10eXV1SGtqZjBfQlltcjJyY1ZramN3MTJOYzlNeGdfVVc4UGdMcTFRcENzN2RoRmRscGt0c2ZxZHEzSEYwQ0ZrdXVzYXktbWttc0sycWRPUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Gala Precision Engineering spurts on
debut](./read/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNZlJidjlsd2ZnXzU0NkNqMEQyMFZoYmZYcGdJM1JDVVZqdHBKTzI0TXBGNGFZQWNTdDVJUWw4cEUzUnp0NG10cVB0c2pLTkU0RmNwcWlnM3QwYVVuNWI1R1VnNEZuTWQtZ21sNDBHcjVEaC10eXV1SGtqZjBfQlltcjJyY1ZramN3MTJOYzlNeGdfVVc4UGdMcTFRcENzN2RoRmRscGt0c2ZxZHEzSEYwQ0ZrdXVzYXktbWttc0sycWRPUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2o1aGZtY0RCSEVWQ2p6cmhRUFlDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVJSbTQzVkhCME1VbDZTVU5WVFJERUF4aW1CU2dLTWdhRlpJcm5zUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AT8iZRL6eUcqE6QveDcDvxkWRmUmyT_OzkkVmZ20YRlylJqSMypckPekPjhINXiSTA47GzKicg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/zzcRhlGCg3AwEkrehudx9Cwm39oofTsd2EQiacU_GFr5gMQeRwIIS7Z8li3JAud7YFagJf01gw=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Stocks to Watch: Jio Fin, PNB Housing, SpiceJet, Mazagon, Ola
Electric](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Pranay Prakash

[](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxOU2pTcW5oVzQwWFpVaGZVM1RKS3ZDMXB4U3FuQnpGeGpleF9jejZSckFUTEszS0pJTE9qZUoyTlp3VHZDb19ydkFRcUpJUS15dWlpVFpkY2dxOWplNXBzME11Zi1QeExjVTBZZUNCUHEyZklFaC1yakZzOTFuWXhnbHllblY1MHp0SzNZYUZ0QnN5aXowaV9rM3JZVnRCU0NCYXU3MVY3TVdzNUdhb1N4WUd5X1JKZ29TeXVydXRIaGdPWkJwN3RmVTBEeEZmTFhHcTU3djhnVWlUWE9Gdmk1QdIB5gFBVV95cUxQTHdNS1RibGRFc0pJZlFnTnBuUVJlZHJKTFkxb3A2RjNNSTRxWnZveUFzUThRTjAtY08tYnlKSzNoamFURmxLRzZNdk1hOFJLUmEzY0QzQkNCcWdmUGVqZFFaZXhGczNqSzFSa1lkdHF3bi1mZTdibmo3enI0bEZiWEp2Mm05b043RWFfVjlJNU1xcEcxdm5ETGM5VGZkaklOcXJkQVZJdXppRzFPUXRtZmhKUHFTZFJoeXpid1c3LUVoQU5ZRjlZVTZwbGIxY1pEY1NXNFhTcnlYSVpoUzAtbk9QMEt3QQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[Ola Electric, Jio Financial, Mazagon Dock, Suven Pharma: Top Stocks To Watch
for September
9](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Stocks in news: SpiceJet, Shriram Finance, Suven Pharma, Mazagon Dock, Suzlon
Energy](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Akash Podishetti

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Stock Radar: Suzlon Energy, SpiceJet, Ola Electric, Mazagon Dock, Gala
Precision Engg in focus on
Monday](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pCbk02bkRCR1lOT2xUS2NEUW9DZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxPZGxlUkcxbUhxNC1JNmRtLUowNVk4TEtzLTJQRDBVOHJWaTI4V1BJemQ2cHV2R1dLcnJySTJJZGZwUEdESUp5cktObDV3MGMtdnV0YXA1WUJxcUZtVHFqc3kzc1Z2b2h1alIyMUVGOWxSZ2NodzFONHF5Y0dtcXhRdEZjQlV3Z2lMYkFmR3RHOTF1RkFjZm5sckxFQ01XalJuYU9MQ2JvMkRiRXlNenluZEU4QWt1N3VoN1NGSGs2X0ZzTnVTMnVpZzJFeGxxYTJ1Y3NQU25B?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNTRVbGhrUm5Wck5EVk9aMVUwVFJEZ0F4al9CQ2dLTWdrQllaS2tMcWN0Q2dJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/sXxBVh8-O2ES4qxBT6SVUfw64x1ZAEd6HTaweDqieh47Ne5oApAnTNn4QU3rZ9ALH0QdM9TvAw=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/OmUIaFtPSJFWjqJgYtOHuQNldjSj31s4aZDax8MCluhREvAbfBzd311fHJgCjNl0jT9Bbaey2Q=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[What India's Navdeep Singh Did As Iranian Athlete Was Disqualified Over Flag
Gesture](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxPZGxlUkcxbUhxNC1JNmRtLUowNVk4TEtzLTJQRDBVOHJWaTI4V1BJemQ2cHV2R1dLcnJySTJJZGZwUEdESUp5cktObDV3MGMtdnV0YXA1WUJxcUZtVHFqc3kzc1Z2b2h1alIyMUVGOWxSZ2NodzFONHF5Y0dtcXhRdEZjQlV3Z2lMYkFmR3RHOTF1RkFjZm5sckxFQ01XalJuYU9MQ2JvMkRiRXlNenluZEU4QWt1N3VoN1NGSGs2X0ZzTnVTMnVpZzJFeGxxYTJ1Y3NQU25B?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.jagranjosh.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Jagran Josh

More

[Paris 2024 Paralympics India Medal Tally: Complete List of Players Name and
Sports](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Mohammad Jazib

[](./read/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOdFBxem1JZi1rSExaTm9Wb25ldnlJSDRRVUtTbDdSRDhnTjVxb1kxRXExYXpINENoTlFYdGdqQkRaNkdUR29ESlpudXJ5WlkyUUhlXzRsaC01SUNZTkdPVDlZZ2ZNeDRrMFF3NmUyR0h5cktaakFYZmI1aTVKTFJoMXhTVmJITUJlckhRQU53T1B5V1AxcWlRcEpfMC0xTmVJMnR0NXFodm1LUdIBsAFBVV95cUxNV3ZhX2hvenljYnhWbDN1OGZfNTNuZzJSUGZwNk1sRnNQNmtLaVk4T2o3QjRKcXBxVHphRkxTdjg2UlcwMmo1dFhnVkU3d3JaZXRfMHJDZXNLMEdZVUdLYXNqT3NNSW12a01nT3lhVlBCaXVHMy1keVF5a19mWTdRSGI5ZlhFZHIxSEhTOVAxRXdNSFMwby04ZE5NM1VvWjZ0R0cxX1ZhUmFiZlJwQlVWUA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Paralympics 2024: India’s medal tally at Paris Paralympics | Full list of Winners](./read/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOdFBxem1JZi1rSExaTm9Wb25ldnlJSDRRVUtTbDdSRDhnTjVxb1kxRXExYXpINENoTlFYdGdqQkRaNkdUR29ESlpudXJ5WlkyUUhlXzRsaC01SUNZTkdPVDlZZ2ZNeDRrMFF3NmUyR0h5cktaakFYZmI1aTVKTFJoMXhTVmJITUJlckhRQU53T1B5V1AxcWlRcEpfMC0xTmVJMnR0NXFodm1LUdIBsAFBVV95cUxNV3ZhX2hvenljYnhWbDN1OGZfNTNuZzJSUGZwNk1sRnNQNmtLaVk4T2o3QjRKcXBxVHphRkxTdjg2UlcwMmo1dFhnVkU3d3JaZXRfMHJDZXNLMEdZVUdLYXNqT3NNSW12a01nT3lhVlBCaXVHMy1keVF5a19mWTdRSGI5ZlhFZHIxSEhTOVAxRXdNSFMwby04ZE5NM1VvWjZ0R0cxX1ZhUmFiZlJwQlVWUA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMihAJBVV95cUxPdE5PR0E5clRHYlJ5Z3dOUkREQ3RBVmxRUV9LU1pDWWFPYzhLRTJkYzhiQWlUZlZPcXNadTJ0dUJZcTJfVWpVZWJoeWJzNlRlRVUyOXNMRHRTVllJSFRMTEVJM2JEdmIySDF2c05UbjFYaGIyM1FQdEFMM3ZGYlpwdUlqbFZReUJaYjY5UWVQSUNqZmpQSGo0NGtxTFBDMVZOUTlpNWtsUVRxWjltaEZFZmpjTC1md09kNVBzV2xDUEJLNEYtNWstTkczWUV4OGE1dy05NGJZcTRJWVhmcTh1NldGWGYyajNYc2VoMmtXREFGNXlfR0dwQUFfdVAtc2xZaXpwNg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[EXCLUSIVE | 'Navdeep Singh ki technique Neeraj Chopra se bhi behtar hai'](./read/CBMihAJBVV95cUxPdE5PR0E5clRHYlJ5Z3dOUkREQ3RBVmxRUV9LU1pDWWFPYzhLRTJkYzhiQWlUZlZPcXNadTJ0dUJZcTJfVWpVZWJoeWJzNlRlRVUyOXNMRHRTVllJSFRMTEVJM2JEdmIySDF2c05UbjFYaGIyM1FQdEFMM3ZGYlpwdUlqbFZReUJaYjY5UWVQSUNqZmpQSGo0NGtxTFBDMVZOUTlpNWtsUVRxWjltaEZFZmpjTC1md09kNVBzV2xDUEJLNEYtNWstTkczWUV4OGE1dy05NGJZcTRJWVhmcTh1NldGWGYyajNYc2VoMmtXREFGNXlfR0dwQUFfdVAtc2xZaXpwNg?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

8 hours ago

* * *

By Amit Kumar

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pqOUxLaERCRXd6bXBodV9ySzRDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxNRW1KZU10UUZ1ejl6elJPSWdWWU5RanZmaFltRmFQZHlvSmF3UWc4UTJ1bU9STEJhQ2I3d2F0a3pWNlJyMGg0eWQwVG1LaVd6RWJWcWJHSHZoSHFfZzlYT3JBZzZEZndTckRfY0k0NWduX1F6LUxlN0xQYWhHOWplWWVrQWpXc012cFlzSXd4MlZXZXRjVTVQMWxjLUtoZmFvb01pX0JxWnlIRzM5WkRYWTJOTWtSanp5YmhJel92RThrMjhGdHFQOW9vUHd0ZnBqQW9zWlJSb1dlVW_SAeABQVVfeXFMTkhOUXBQekE2LV9iTFlielpNR2psUGJ1TTQtNXhsVE96UHhabFZSZVVDTWVsZjhWTzNtZE5PampQbVphNThBaUpSZGRCYS1Bc3JUZzZ5WExNeUlFelQ4ZkFSYUdaMC1sLWxfTW1HU0V3blY4UFFNRm1Qa05pdEcxMlZKdXNpdXRZQ09MaUMxcU81cThfQWRFVHIzZVJpcWVEbGNwVlRfVzJkc0J2dVlQSUxNVTRieXVodkJlZHZfZ0REWGx1aFJUWUVyZG9tNzlHX1JFNWN4LTdma0RucHlDQmM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iJ0NnNUNkWFpOZUdGUGVIWkJkbFZzVFJEZ0F4aUFCU2dLTWdNQmN4QQ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/TirD1DkdPjg3ym-
YNtry6LKAxvvbvC9bQxv54RzHFwZHUtMvqF-
OkoMZs3i3ZdXJUKo40OodRg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/M_u-
j_3ZTJHQmrif1I1nCl8mcvfXyLoa4GZokVE4CLzAh0q2FJ1Q4JqqZYF6Ku4ptOVj_qB-
Gm0=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[Tolins Tyres IPO — Should you subscribe to the ₹230 crore issue opening
today?](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxNRW1KZU10UUZ1ejl6elJPSWdWWU5RanZmaFltRmFQZHlvSmF3UWc4UTJ1bU9STEJhQ2I3d2F0a3pWNlJyMGg0eWQwVG1LaVd6RWJWcWJHSHZoSHFfZzlYT3JBZzZEZndTckRfY0k0NWduX1F6LUxlN0xQYWhHOWplWWVrQWpXc012cFlzSXd4MlZXZXRjVTVQMWxjLUtoZmFvb01pX0JxWnlIRzM5WkRYWTJOTWtSanp5YmhJel92RThrMjhGdHFQOW9vUHd0ZnBqQW9zWlJSb1dlVW_SAeABQVVfeXFMTkhOUXBQekE2LV9iTFlielpNR2psUGJ1TTQtNXhsVE96UHhabFZSZVVDTWVsZjhWTzNtZE5PampQbVphNThBaUpSZGRCYS1Bc3JUZzZ5WExNeUlFelQ4ZkFSYUdaMC1sLWxfTW1HU0V3blY4UFFNRm1Qa05pdEcxMlZKdXNpdXRZQ09MaUMxcU81cThfQWRFVHIzZVJpcWVEbGNwVlRfVzJkc0J2dVlQSUxNVTRieXVodkJlZHZfZ0REWGx1aFJUWUVyZG9tNzlHX1JFNWN4LTdma0RucHlDQmM?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

8 hours ago

* * *

By Hormaz Fatakia

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Tolins Tyres IPO opens for subscription. Should you
apply?](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Akash Podishetti

[](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOSEZqMVNpM1RBTlJZLXRxb3N5SS1lVXJRcFZIeWxpUHotZ1pud3BpVUhTQkEyenQ0MWk4c214THY5UEZZMmdYNEcyWjZvaldPVEhPX1IwZ251bzBra2xTaC1DeGVhUUJXa1VBdWdKb2FnR2d1a2R0bWExNXNqWkE5QzZaSlNFTVpiajZwQmdxTHZ6UWc5bWwycnFXYXdQSHVhTlJGMnJiZEo2eEJCZlpkMGtTWnBSRGN4LWFYaDRPS3Z0aE9qRWpyZm9sY0dWdk9mUXlrRw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Tolins Tyres IPO: Check latest GMP, subscription status, should you apply,
other key
details](./read/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOSEZqMVNpM1RBTlJZLXRxb3N5SS1lVXJRcFZIeWxpUHotZ1pud3BpVUhTQkEyenQ0MWk4c214THY5UEZZMmdYNEcyWjZvaldPVEhPX1IwZ251bzBra2xTaC1DeGVhUUJXa1VBdWdKb2FnR2d1a2R0bWExNXNqWkE5QzZaSlNFTVpiajZwQmdxTHZ6UWc5bWwycnFXYXdQSHVhTlJGMnJiZEo2eEJCZlpkMGtTWnBSRGN4LWFYaDRPS3Z0aE9qRWpyZm9sY0dWdk9mUXlrRw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Ankit Gohel

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newindianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The New Indian Express

More

[After 16 years, private manufacturing firm from Kerala hits stock
market](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Rajesh Abraham

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pjaXE2aURCRmVnZ1Z4NDdMM3d5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNSjA4MW1iekIwZTRVczVuQTlkNnhKOTM2d0tFN2xEVFFmellaOTVCVlR6cU1FXzNwWE40UHpKTEI2MTJ5RVBhcDc1MWd4anFlVVl2WUpQNC1lT1RqQU5wY2k1eHkzUS1nUjZjeTBxOWRiS1huUmhBck1BNkJZRkNkSFVSbXdBUmREUjhudUd0cGNXT2ZvcGZKMzREWVg4S1NxN1RTdy16NG1PYkQ1cFBEM1M3TVNZVGY30gG-
AUFVX3lxTFBGTHp1bDNDTXJSdFY2bnNYaDIwMzNKT1JCWm1ydjBpZ3E3a1ZOQjFKandEalBZZk9DcGZNUlVLV1pZMjJ3SHMtSzM3M2NKcHp1YVQzY0lCbmJwV1VxeFc5MG44dFBFbVNFS2V0cldmbWo4ZU5PSUw1MXlaT1lwUVVoQ1FRM2dsS050OTFlZE5xalJBSmZycDVVcmw4a1Nvc2N0WEFnY3ZBWkZIdFl3VThTOGp4UHE5WEh4Vl9uY0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNHlaMGRaTVVwMFdTMXBkMmx2VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdrQkpKSkNseXBrcmdF=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EhgJfcqc741i6MuCdraj7h6JokSPSRGPEJkf66ZsOSBqDdyD_0iY-
yBx_VMGu3t92Mezztp_i0g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6SWJITTVK7767kX_JodARlk1DG2Zdc2sudocpMCx7CR2nfPCXBULelI20LumelQDtspHHho50w=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Mazagon Dock shares trade lower; bags order worth Rs 1,486 crore from
ONGC](./read/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNSjA4MW1iekIwZTRVczVuQTlkNnhKOTM2d0tFN2xEVFFmellaOTVCVlR6cU1FXzNwWE40UHpKTEI2MTJ5RVBhcDc1MWd4anFlVVl2WUpQNC1lT1RqQU5wY2k1eHkzUS1nUjZjeTBxOWRiS1huUmhBck1BNkJZRkNkSFVSbXdBUmREUjhudUd0cGNXT2ZvcGZKMzREWVg4S1NxN1RTdy16NG1PYkQ1cFBEM1M3TVNZVGY30gG-
AUFVX3lxTFBGTHp1bDNDTXJSdFY2bnNYaDIwMzNKT1JCWm1ydjBpZ3E3a1ZOQjFKandEalBZZk9DcGZNUlVLV1pZMjJ3SHMtSzM3M2NKcHp1YVQzY0lCbmJwV1VxeFc5MG44dFBFbVNFS2V0cldmbWo4ZU5PSUw1MXlaT1lwUVVoQ1FRM2dsS050OTFlZE5xalJBSmZycDVVcmw4a1Nvc2N0WEFnY3ZBWkZIdFl3VThTOGp4UHE5WEh4Vl9uY0E?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxQSk9qWDcxem9mMG1QOHYycGpzRkU4N2duaG9GMVZjeG9jNFZuVzhmZjBLcGtjU2pFS2FtXzV0UjduNFN5NS02bmZ4dldHLWh3SHRmY0RraWc5cmNsT2V5cG9ON0NKUnRSMTl4X3ZKYUNMVEhqR1FVX1F5WnF2MktZY1lYTVFSY2I0T2lkX21KRTA3VHIzRE1vUVhsSHZGZ1ViTllUMzBranh0NHNwS0l3c2JvTFd6TGFxRWJ6X0h4MWpSYmdKTTcwaVNuWERDNU0tYWpXQjhZQXMyT0pEaEZSZXdZa1U?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders shares: PSU defence stock in focus on Rs 1,486
crore
order](./read/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxQSk9qWDcxem9mMG1QOHYycGpzRkU4N2duaG9GMVZjeG9jNFZuVzhmZjBLcGtjU2pFS2FtXzV0UjduNFN5NS02bmZ4dldHLWh3SHRmY0RraWc5cmNsT2V5cG9ON0NKUnRSMTl4X3ZKYUNMVEhqR1FVX1F5WnF2MktZY1lYTVFSY2I0T2lkX21KRTA3VHIzRE1vUVhsSHZGZ1ViTllUMzBranh0NHNwS0l3c2JvTFd6TGFxRWJ6X0h4MWpSYmdKTTcwaVNuWERDNU0tYWpXQjhZQXMyT0pEaEZSZXdZa1U?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Amit Mudgill

[](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxQUnBQTm9CcllwVGZvR0YtbU1lVU1MQzBYeFY1SUtadHk3emNOYm9kRXRrNjN5ZURIY2NwSVZkNzhqMnh4cExtX0wtZGExUmVWRnl5Yzl5REMyVE55TGh1X0ZvejA4UC0ycXdkQTdFcEYxdFBCUDhKdjhYdFd5dUVtMGxmX0ZibjVNcGRGcTg0SVA0WldTYnVZQ2lQTFIwaENtSUszVHZGRVJXTGo1WFN0X242U29hYTlRaWhjdWFGalgwcXp4dGlQQ0lLbDFsTUZGaE0tYmJwSQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders bags Rs 1,486-cr order from
ONGC](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxQUnBQTm9CcllwVGZvR0YtbU1lVU1MQzBYeFY1SUtadHk3emNOYm9kRXRrNjN5ZURIY2NwSVZkNzhqMnh4cExtX0wtZGExUmVWRnl5Yzl5REMyVE55TGh1X0ZvejA4UC0ycXdkQTdFcEYxdFBCUDhKdjhYdFd5dUVtMGxmX0ZibjVNcGRGcTg0SVA0WldTYnVZQ2lQTFIwaENtSUszVHZGRVJXTGo1WFN0X242U29hYTlRaWhjdWFGalgwcXp4dGlQQ0lLbDFsTUZGaE0tYmJwSQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders wins ₹1,486 crore pipeline repair order from
ONGC](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 days ago

* * *

By Jomy Pullokaran

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2plNTRDbURCRXFWckxFX2JHTjFTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNDJTbWR0TkhvME5FTmtTRFJyVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZUlI1aG5xZ2c=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EhgJfcqc741i6MuCdraj7h6JokSPSRGPEJkf66ZsOSBqDdyD_0iY-
yBx_VMGu3t92Mezztp_i0g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6SWJITTVK7767kX_JodARlk1DG2Zdc2sudocpMCx7CR2nfPCXBULelI20LumelQDtspHHho50w=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Suzlon Energy stock gains 2% on bagging India's largest wind energy
order](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Suzlon Energy shares jump 3% on winning India’s largest wind energy order
from
NTPC](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Nishtha Awasthi

[](./read/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxPM255bDFyckpUd25LS2pIbkJrVUNzZWZzZXlDdzNoenBYN0hnSV9ZTUVYbHVXYkI5VXRYUWR0TEVGNUpncVZBZXpuNktiVml1V3lUSlF4a1hDNFdVMnZuLURTeE1CM1JnVXFuNi05cUxfbmlIMDliQVRZSFlmbkprTDJJN05TNWN3R05PcUtZSXpmbUhkZlAwejJ5cWtXbzh2WnkteGtYUEhra1JDWDBLNVlhRkwxd2hYUVJjSXcwYUVKU2U0VkpicHhRc0xoM3dhWEd2cmxQUklNeTZYT3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Suzlon Energy shares rise 3% on NTPC order, Renom stake acquisition; key
details](./read/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxPM255bDFyckpUd25LS2pIbkJrVUNzZWZzZXlDdzNoenBYN0hnSV9ZTUVYbHVXYkI5VXRYUWR0TEVGNUpncVZBZXpuNktiVml1V3lUSlF4a1hDNFdVMnZuLURTeE1CM1JnVXFuNi05cUxfbmlIMDliQVRZSFlmbkprTDJJN05TNWN3R05PcUtZSXpmbUhkZlAwejJ5cWtXbzh2WnkteGtYUEhra1JDWDBLNVlhRkwxd2hYUVJjSXcwYUVKU2U0VkpicHhRc0xoM3dhWEd2cmxQUklNeTZYT3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

* * *

By Amit Mudgill

[](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxOb3lrNVdFMHhKQjZaemNwN29fc2docDRzRmQxcTYzdDdDenZFdnNwdWdUVGpLdldWUDBxUTRyR2JiN3c4Mjg2ZU9XNnE1dEIwWFQ0blFTZ1MwakxwX1U3eTRhYWFuQWtMallTS3pTOE90Y0pEWjg5MC1Ub3hteGdTTUs1WDAwcDdGT0lTdmQxMjI0eXBSTHdUUHFDM2c0RllhRllhUnhTOHpoVU8xc181T2VwQVBjTXFxOEVERXZ1QWd5c2ZwUjV5eUswa3hFb2RHN0dFNWRPUVVSdjNhdVgzbw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://upstox.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Upstox

More

[Suzlon bags India's largest wind energy order of 1,166 MW from NTPC Green
Energy](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxOb3lrNVdFMHhKQjZaemNwN29fc2docDRzRmQxcTYzdDdDenZFdnNwdWdUVGpLdldWUDBxUTRyR2JiN3c4Mjg2ZU9XNnE1dEIwWFQ0blFTZ1MwakxwX1U3eTRhYWFuQWtMallTS3pTOE90Y0pEWjg5MC1Ub3hteGdTTUs1WDAwcDdGT0lTdmQxMjI0eXBSTHdUUHFDM2c0RllhRllhUnhTOHpoVU8xc181T2VwQVBjTXFxOEVERXZ1QWd5c2ZwUjV5eUswa3hFb2RHN0dFNWRPUVVSdjNhdVgzbw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lJck5pbkRCR29RbkFnYVFWRnRDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi8gFBVV95cUxQN3NQNEdhUFVKckJKdXVkcFhWTEF2MWZRUkpzZDZzblNHSTJLODVjb2VURUMxbkh1X05OQUU3NGQ3blBpN3BDUmFfRlh6MDRadkhpaFhHbFoxZmNXbXUxVERsTkF4YUpsdWFVeHU0WlNMUHo3UWVYUmhldDFkSHdGTkNpdGd5ODBkdlNRY2JNaVM4Wnd3bHJwMEVpS3U1T21lak5GX2hPUzFYeVRNaW5oSnRtMjlUdllyUU55djlHMWFLVnRiN3p3LThWSUZtMUE2YVBFR1p1bm9Dd1NWQUhpU1RVcXVMMERhZktpYWdZLWtkUdIB9wFBVV95cUxOTDhmYVdONnlLOHphZWI5dHFpNGRuejNubUZBbXRIVHhmS0dFUjhWWExIQURoYkJCdHlPQlFZM2FPaDZTdExFMjhUMXRKYlJXdHZVLWpwOHlaVGp3djlRYWtHQWVoczRWVGFkVFMxZTlLVGhKUFdNMFltSS1PYkRYdXREelpZQkpCb1N2Mko2RVd5RTFFX25xZDZBajlnQkx2bk1JVTJjcVRHdWZjTzJ0dkhya3BWb3BERGdkYnFNNlM3amx6NlY0djBBRjVFWDE4MHZMU0RsVU9VbGZwRVhxUlNjVGpmUkU5ODhIbEUtZm82S1ZMbnFn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUhSWEpsTFhSTFZFNU1iMmh0VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhbFk0cHZNUVk=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J-YyMvY1q2skuu_Edi3G4Il3Ovb4IRsVXMNstpJJYmKamxqh7VK6ykjCt2POiO9NG49xPj4tbQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Ka1cKjxdMsK8zqfPcFuh5KYnAnSRxJaxrMaX8BIqB48n15IWkYSttzwWRN2_Lixf59p2Ad6A=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Ravika or Ridhee? Fans prepare list of names for Deepika, Ranveer's baby
girl](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiiAJBVV95cUxPdWcxNVhGTTJKVmY5c3FLTlJld0xVYXo0aDZNN05LUFdSZHFJUUxHdFBlN2U1SC1PaVJFUG0tSC15bzRHRzd6cGZwUDRaX3JTSDhLOVNzQ2pBblBFMFc1dUtJYjlnbWxkeHYyMndkU3d0cFNiWWJ2ejVubFBEWWJJc1o4X0c3a2l1NFRQeDlQcTF4aktVMXJUbW03b2JmQmhCeUg3ZEJSWTVOOGxTTjljVTRlbEExbzlELXZOZEJCVVZVeTdLNUkxNU9UbTJqWTBFNFJPSDVlUnlXOUNDLWJ5QlMzMlRpdmFTb1dCOUo0R2pSQ2lHWXFBZDQ1UkVDUEluQXY4Sm1pbTI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh announce birth of baby girl. Fans say
‘Ranveer ki chhoti Deepika aa
gayi'](./read/CBMiiAJBVV95cUxPdWcxNVhGTTJKVmY5c3FLTlJld0xVYXo0aDZNN05LUFdSZHFJUUxHdFBlN2U1SC1PaVJFUG0tSC15bzRHRzd6cGZwUDRaX3JTSDhLOVNzQ2pBblBFMFc1dUtJYjlnbWxkeHYyMndkU3d0cFNiWWJ2ejVubFBEWWJJc1o4X0c3a2l1NFRQeDlQcTF4aktVMXJUbW03b2JmQmhCeUg3ZEJSWTVOOGxTTjljVTRlbEExbzlELXZOZEJCVVZVeTdLNUkxNU9UbTJqWTBFNFJPSDVlUnlXOUNDLWJ5QlMzMlRpdmFTb1dCOUo0R2pSQ2lHWXFBZDQ1UkVDUEluQXY4Sm1pbTI?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 hours ago

* * *

By Devansh Sharma

[](./read/CBMi4wJBVV95cUxPOElrQWVlUDlJazNyQ2ZhbUljQXBNM3NUQ0htQ2dJTVNwNXhuRnYtYjN4R1dWd1lvaTBzUUNWRE11bGlsYzhCMGJJbHdXVGQtMzVwX1Y5eWdTTmllbmF2eGRxdGlKalBsbzY3SEtMZExxV3JxNDB6a1ZuQlgtYzlMT0RzczVkaDhXREF5d2VzT3RnSzFLRml3V0ptLTUyUWhodV9OeWRvQlpRYWpwak92VG5HZ1ItZ1JSZUFXQndNQlBmeldGcjBMZ3N5WWxhbWkyQk1KbXRDaFFjNEpBZTZEZVlJbWxsa2dKajdYX2lHWkVfU3RieDkyMzh0b212WGhxMDcyaTRnSkVBeXVDMHhXMFlFeE9ZNXpISV9WTlBYTGx4R3hYT3puWXVxbl8tNmEzS1VDM0hZRm5fYUFmSHNJVm9PV256R19JeWxZZWtQUVhLODFvb3dPeHFwZEk4TEZhbWd3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

TOI Etimes

More

[Deepika Padukone's fans school trolls after they call her out for not wearing
Mangalsutra during her
visi](./read/CBMi4wJBVV95cUxPOElrQWVlUDlJazNyQ2ZhbUljQXBNM3NUQ0htQ2dJTVNwNXhuRnYtYjN4R1dWd1lvaTBzUUNWRE11bGlsYzhCMGJJbHdXVGQtMzVwX1Y5eWdTTmllbmF2eGRxdGlKalBsbzY3SEtMZExxV3JxNDB6a1ZuQlgtYzlMT0RzczVkaDhXREF5d2VzT3RnSzFLRml3V0ptLTUyUWhodV9OeWRvQlpRYWpwak92VG5HZ1ItZ1JSZUFXQndNQlBmeldGcjBMZ3N5WWxhbWkyQk1KbXRDaFFjNEpBZTZEZVlJbWxsa2dKajdYX2lHWkVfU3RieDkyMzh0b212WGhxMDcyaTRnSkVBeXVDMHhXMFlFeE9ZNXpISV9WTlBYTGx4R3hYT3puWXVxbl8tNmEzS1VDM0hZRm5fYUFmSHNJVm9PV256R19JeWxZZWtQUVhLODFvb3dPeHFwZEk4TEZhbWd3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

12 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2l4aXBpZ0RCRjF6Wk0wOGliYTRTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPbW95d1F6cnE3TE9TRGZxY29mRE9LLUlGUFR1amw1S2xORXZmZGJ6YmlyLUtDTlQzelJ1MVBibHZwUlpCQkJiZE1DOWM0Q19mY0ExSTVoMUJBWlU2SjFRNEwxUjhyc2c4b3BLQ3Z6T29nZUEwanNJU2FpS3dyTHJXbXMxWlFqd09OTHA0VmVvcEJ0WDJfT3ZoSDZkdEE0cDlrVjFNZnQ1OWluZjdlV0HSAbMBQVVfeXFMUEMyeks4S0NNRndsMm0zNzl1T2JISTM1UVkwdjhfUEtMWHMzZzQ0RTZCdXlqYUQ3cnZRcXdxOTBBQXpyanVMLW4wVExOU1JuREE3TnpqOUlDaGJIWTZ3VFJwQTVKVTJOV3B6Nmk4TnYzUHNWa0lzVlNBZ2NzazdaNXJJNkYzMjc3OHdzcnFfY3pfZzZLYTdrRHF1MkFla1RfekU2V1l0WGtWMjR0aF9hbV8yY2M?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXZNM1IyZWpaSmFsVlBSVjlrVFJDUUF4allCQ2dLTWdZWkFKb3dEUXc=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/W8OsRixK9ZmhRki70C4hx2q0h3epfz610KsPXEVkXYtXiF3Dwev7zGycrIXVLChpFCRu4Rit=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-trVVKBZAT60_PiMUaM8t2XFOxcCvxn4fwnupZjldyCKUP_FDdiBGz0FaKAbzmme3UpDgvSl=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.123telugu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

123telugu

More

[Vijay’s The GOAT: Venkat Prabhu hints at OTT release for the director’s
cut](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPbW95d1F6cnE3TE9TRGZxY29mRE9LLUlGUFR1amw1S2xORXZmZGJ6YmlyLUtDTlQzelJ1MVBibHZwUlpCQkJiZE1DOWM0Q19mY0ExSTVoMUJBWlU2SjFRNEwxUjhyc2c4b3BLQ3Z6T29nZUEwanNJU2FpS3dyTHJXbXMxWlFqd09OTHA0VmVvcEJ0WDJfT3ZoSDZkdEE0cDlrVjFNZnQ1OWluZjdlV0HSAbMBQVVfeXFMUEMyeks4S0NNRndsMm0zNzl1T2JISTM1UVkwdjhfUEtMWHMzZzQ0RTZCdXlqYUQ3cnZRcXdxOTBBQXpyanVMLW4wVExOU1JuREE3TnpqOUlDaGJIWTZ3VFJwQTVKVTJOV3B6Nmk4TnYzUHNWa0lzVlNBZ2NzazdaNXJJNkYzMjc3OHdzcnFfY3pfZzZLYTdrRHF1MkFla1RfekU2V1l0WGtWMjR0aF9hbV8yY2M?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMinAJBVV95cUxNY1NqMlB0STlTazZrWmVzR2JYc28xVnpDbVNKODVLazlNU3psYktkdzl0TUdrN3ZyLVdRcEZhZXFWZi1NclBYVjFPRTZHZlREX0RzN2w4NlE2M1NWWDlvM1RXUmtVQUFIRVNzMkxXLUdKaURlUzE1NlRXMTZtNDNYTk1QNDkzaFpUaXM1d21HbDliZ2J3TXNEVkNOQjdfZmtEUnVUSE1TT3lMZVVfa3ZSaUh5ZGVIM1hJT3dyU293TG44SEJoOTVxVW1Qd2FqNVBjOEJqZ1Z3Vkk0VTkwQWtPNnFDTTY1UkVBSDhmX0d3akVlZURwMlE2dnVMN0RsNE5TMTlhVU1tYzFxOEZnZ2s4S3ljLWRKUTZ3OU9xZg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[GOAT worldwide box office Day 4: Vijay is undisputed king of Tamil cinema in
2024](./read/CBMinAJBVV95cUxNY1NqMlB0STlTazZrWmVzR2JYc28xVnpDbVNKODVLazlNU3psYktkdzl0TUdrN3ZyLVdRcEZhZXFWZi1NclBYVjFPRTZHZlREX0RzN2w4NlE2M1NWWDlvM1RXUmtVQUFIRVNzMkxXLUdKaURlUzE1NlRXMTZtNDNYTk1QNDkzaFpUaXM1d21HbDliZ2J3TXNEVkNOQjdfZmtEUnVUSE1TT3lMZVVfa3ZSaUh5ZGVIM1hJT3dyU293TG44SEJoOTVxVW1Qd2FqNVBjOEJqZ1Z3Vkk0VTkwQWtPNnFDTTY1UkVBSDhmX0d3akVlZURwMlE2dnVMN0RsNE5TMTlhVU1tYzFxOEZnZ2s4S3ljLWRKUTZ3OU9xZg?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxNbDJxUlkxRXNqZU9DUWxoVVZZVC1ybGlaT0E2OG1iTlZPclgzUzFLUEhRZUs3XzBKS0pIN3BvdjBBSWFDNlNYMVdxTnkwT0NCSnNtZUE0akxmaXlxSDZqZFYzdHB5Wjljc2cwV1p3UE5jYlEwUUVDZjFBY2JfSzFRWXhTWWVzNGtWeVNoVkJCRzRTLW9iOEZXZldLM1FUc2hnU2lOU2N5dVRHemNSNkJ0T3c2S1pydll1Y0d4Um1zSjBqQ3VUdmxKaVNEVXV3Zw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[GOAT Box Office Collections: Thalapathy Vijay Starrer Becomes Highest Tamil
Grosser Of
2024](./read/CBMizgFBVV95cUxNbDJxUlkxRXNqZU9DUWxoVVZZVC1ybGlaT0E2OG1iTlZPclgzUzFLUEhRZUs3XzBKS0pIN3BvdjBBSWFDNlNYMVdxTnkwT0NCSnNtZUE0akxmaXlxSDZqZFYzdHB5Wjljc2cwV1p3UE5jYlEwUUVDZjFBY2JfSzFRWXhTWWVzNGtWeVNoVkJCRzRTLW9iOEZXZldLM1FUc2hnU2lOU2N5dVRHemNSNkJ0T3c2S1pydll1Y0d4Um1zSjBqQ3VUdmxKaVNEVXV3Zw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

43 minutes ago

* * *

By Kashvi Raj Singh

[](./read/CBMiggJBVV95cUxQdVhpSVNBdVNacThya2hYRllJLVBwWjNQT090TUFod3VsRlRZSUpUWWZuWXg5bnFadHF4R09RR1ZkNkpVb08zWGd3U3pJb296TkhXV3NjVW10YjQ2a0h3V3I4UjFmVFE3eVQwbXZzbmZJR251dzJ2bzBZTXhfU092ajBEWW5SQ0JFRmFBeERTTkwybXFoX3J1b1VSWHBNWVZWRlpFeGxFVVJZdmlGeTRLUTRrbVYzT2g3UjlVUENHYmhSMFBFWnFGZHRfOFRfeE4yUTZIeWtXdGdMaVV3a0Y2RWo0WkFNQUowT28xQ3BwWXZXcnBkQU5OWGR4REJ1dy1NT3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[The GOAT box office collection day 4: Vijay's film grows further on Sunday,
collects 137
crore](./read/CBMiggJBVV95cUxQdVhpSVNBdVNacThya2hYRllJLVBwWjNQT090TUFod3VsRlRZSUpUWWZuWXg5bnFadHF4R09RR1ZkNkpVb08zWGd3U3pJb296TkhXV3NjVW10YjQ2a0h3V3I4UjFmVFE3eVQwbXZzbmZJR251dzJ2bzBZTXhfU092ajBEWW5SQ0JFRmFBeERTTkwybXFoX3J1b1VSWHBNWVZWRlpFeGxFVVJZdmlGeTRLUTRrbVYzT2g3UjlVUENHYmhSMFBFWnFGZHRfOFRfeE4yUTZIeWtXdGdMaVV3a0Y2RWo0WkFNQUowT28xQ3BwWXZXcnBkQU5OWGR4REJ1dy1NT3c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Devansh Sharma

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lkenA2YkRCR1JUVC02djdscWhDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/kkBP5GMG7WhGg_OaGvdoYp6jxPdIe5_HE4NLhmd8-80hpps2K2BcHM47_XxnxBo9ub0jbx1ZZQ=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/IQaOaz9wvZ2L-rhJ0ps6iWqyf8Zldw515lWwANVCh6MjE0kOqQQBwoFAWuJpzLIpgzRbde6J=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Paris Paralympics 2024 takeaways: India’s historic run of 29 medals, China
unbeatable, French ride home support into top
10](./read/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNeUNlWTMtbTVnVktuckV3SldrbS1aMDhkMVNDLTFscHZYSW1tVlJNN3JLaUIxQU5tYUExU242QzB3NDZKNW9qbUx4Q19ldmUwZF9hQ2dmcFJ2SEZFczFnei0tcHRrdzZZcWJrQkdGN3dPUC1pRHdTd0ppSTdISWx4NE96NkZIcXRzUkNndDhaM2U4eU5jZUgxMXRfeENMRHZpQUExTDBLTWJXRUJXMFVya2tSb0Z5Rk1GR1BV0gHCAUFVX3lxTE1FT0l0REd5dGFGbWZtWC1CdWVpdWdFY3JpclFqTEgycWUta2szUDlTZlJRWmNIc3J6V1FSU2Y1VFdWNW1MR1lNd2liV0IwSWh2SHBfZUhaR1ZuYnYwWjJ4ajY2TFJndksxQ1lXc1E4UmdtYWJuRnhmTXRfQ3l5b1hCa2tWLWVGUzJOTC1vQzhVVlJqdUxOWm1DQVR5YlE4ZFFmUXIyb3FJM1VnTG84NmxuQ2d3a2c5akYxZmc3RW5Bb2xB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iMkNnNXpaa2d4YmtFNWJGRmZkMG81VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdzQklJNUJ0R1llWkdySFhB=-w200-h112-p-df-
rw)

14 hours ago

* * *

By Vinayakk Mohanarangan

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lIZ0txbERCR2dWczZDZTdicV9TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxOZGtRektDQ2VUdVczTjhGVmV6eUZxR1pzeWNQZy1uOWEtNFBlZ0Y4dXA5c0I4ZVJaWG9nMnU4TjRkSmpXQ1VMRkF6WU81NHZLZ1M2WFEzcUl3cWRVck4wRnhPVkI1V0U1ejgxVlpJMnF1TThLZDRCd1BDSWM2cFBNaS1ZOFhXTXAwUXV2aTM2Yng5emROWnpoTnJ6OWlMaHkxYWR4X09yaGTSAa8BQVVfeXFMTkJjY21Cb0NhR3dkaVY0OXJRZVJJa1pQOTdMendGLWxNRTJjWVRjQ3czVjRreEhqNU8wXzRPSDRONzVuRlhnZWpnVkpNbmZ3Z0dwSTAxMFpLSmNOQ1ZfbjZjMXJYTFhaUGNTTE5SV2NWXzZSSU5BeWJZSjNNLXNHQWh0QUZ4LWZQdGRhQVNkd0p0TmdWQ2h4VzFTMlRiOVVfbElhWFVNQzkyTTRubnE1cw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUVXbVpLUW14MWRWSldkbUphVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZQmc0eFJOUWM=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f-uqqU36NMn3rQd48Kaf8OWzjGwy-
Biq-E4qs8vi-Bvyg_Dng-
tLwPbj85PEyySanZtsvQSvGo8=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KhW84G8UQUXgaZpUiVgg1MOq1m0ktZla5sLAGJeOuQyEvGW8lHoGjHqsskP194hbufupmpJY=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Jannik Sinner beats Taylor Fritz to win U.S.
Open](./read/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxOZGtRektDQ2VUdVczTjhGVmV6eUZxR1pzeWNQZy1uOWEtNFBlZ0Y4dXA5c0I4ZVJaWG9nMnU4TjRkSmpXQ1VMRkF6WU81NHZLZ1M2WFEzcUl3cWRVck4wRnhPVkI1V0U1ejgxVlpJMnF1TThLZDRCd1BDSWM2cFBNaS1ZOFhXTXAwUXV2aTM2Yng5emROWnpoTnJ6OWlMaHkxYWR4X09yaGTSAa8BQVVfeXFMTkJjY21Cb0NhR3dkaVY0OXJRZVJJa1pQOTdMendGLWxNRTJjWVRjQ3czVjRreEhqNU8wXzRPSDRONzVuRlhnZWpnVkpNbmZ3Z0dwSTAxMFpLSmNOQ1ZfbjZjMXJYTFhaUGNTTE5SV2NWXzZSSU5BeWJZSjNNLXNHQWh0QUZ4LWZQdGRhQVNkd0p0TmdWQ2h4VzFTMlRiOVVfbElhWFVNQzkyTTRubnE1cw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

9 hours ago

[](./read/CBMixwFBVV95cUxNOUlwS3U0WmFUN3JMTzFSNmRucHV1VGE5MGE1T0VfMHJTVGhVWjMzSERUZGNxYkV3Mk81X3hjNmJzQXFhV01zN3RJX1R0NGNHeU1tMGVGbzNmY3ZnOUYwTUFIR21hYUVuN2JoT3NMdHljTExIM3ZZMW1VU000dzhmRThKb1gzSjRWS0tqN3pybC1obDhKTldkS0VFTzE4MjRIZk01OGpYTm9ESExjMzhzUzN6dWVzYTNKbWJ4eHVnTXFJT1ZySzJR0gHMAUFVX3lxTE9GZjRXM2VzTVgwMURqRFJEYWozdl8wTktHRkRnR3BSaUxMQW5LcEJxdGhJaEU2c3NNQnBFWDdicjNpcXVwOTJSR0Zyc0tsbnZ1OTcwYkN2eDJpbFB6MG0zNkZsdU5aQjZ1TktObUdRUjYxbXJkM1FGc081RTU1Q2ZrYUJJWkM4ekF5VmVHZEpqLVJMU05tZHRpQkZZa0FRVDJBZzNyVURWdnhvUGJ2YTUxUGRJUlZFQlQ3T3lwNTlEd2lCand6Q1hfcjE3ag?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Sinner Claims Second Grand Slam Title, Defeating Fritz in US Open
Final](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

45 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPcHFvRmRPU3I0SEh1cDRSc2lNdVBIRGh5QUZBdHh2WTFydV9uNXl5MHM2dlBjUmNadDFCamhocVRSdmxSM2JFTmtkem5GTlZPX195bVBsMmlOc2lCbm5tUTZBa2RlQnpvcnVXV3J6YWFWS1VwYjA3QTE4dkQ2UXhMZXpwdXZKS05nUEJLNGx1Tm5uZzBJQXlpdWxKb1JyRTJ00gGmAUFVX3lxTE1BWTJyVm9seHQtSDAyTUszaklidnFlQkJmZmptXzhCTDh5YVJZMWxYQnFNYW9CbjJnSUpmM3hORTZmQUdQV2RfSWwtNFItaW9uanZkVl9vN1gteTRQaE1hTW5ubzM3RDFWWllqQklzVmVMRWxvajdyb2N5bS04ZE4wQ216OTFPR1J2OU5BaXhxbHFHdldYTWc4VW5vcldqTkpCbGZOT2c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://abcnews.go.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ABC News

More

[Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce attend US Open men's final with Patrick and
Brittany
Mahomes](./read/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPcHFvRmRPU3I0SEh1cDRSc2lNdVBIRGh5QUZBdHh2WTFydV9uNXl5MHM2dlBjUmNadDFCamhocVRSdmxSM2JFTmtkem5GTlZPX195bVBsMmlOc2lCbm5tUTZBa2RlQnpvcnVXV3J6YWFWS1VwYjA3QTE4dkQ2UXhMZXpwdXZKS05nUEJLNGx1Tm5uZzBJQXlpdWxKb1JyRTJ00gGmAUFVX3lxTE1BWTJyVm9seHQtSDAyTUszaklidnFlQkJmZmptXzhCTDh5YVJZMWxYQnFNYW9CbjJnSUpmM3hORTZmQUdQV2RfSWwtNFItaW9uanZkVl9vN1gteTRQaE1hTW5ubzM3RDFWWllqQklzVmVMRWxvajdyb2N5bS04ZE4wQ216OTFPR1J2OU5BaXhxbHFHdldYTWc4VW5vcldqTkpCbGZOT2c?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Mason Leib

[](./read/CBMidEFVX3lxTE5wOEZFNFl0RjVnVXEteUtYZ2haSmtGT3pmTnUzYWU5MUhRMVc0YnQ3OUxiLXAyb2UtTzg1TWxJX1BCOEQ0T1RRUVB1S3VBd09EX0V2Z2xOZ19SVXNKdHpDVWtlZjliTE1OYnMxeWp4cUxhbEFr?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.atptour.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ATP Tour

More

[Fritz says Grand Slam final run is
‘repeatable’](./read/CBMidEFVX3lxTE5wOEZFNFl0RjVnVXEteUtYZ2haSmtGT3pmTnUzYWU5MUhRMVc0YnQ3OUxiLXAyb2UtTzg1TWxJX1BCOEQ0T1RRUVB1S3VBd09EX0V2Z2xOZ19SVXNKdHpDVWtlZjliTE1OYnMxeWp4cUxhbEFr?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pFN3JDaURCRXF5YzBEUUtNM3VpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPUGhrTEwzdkxkT2kzT3RlTUlTUVpnZTlJa1dqUFk0djNFWFRYRHRxaHJ0cDJLbDBpMUxzY1pLbVMxOTI3X2xReU5YSXJHVGtpWnZEazBPTWZRLTFIUlRhV3dIWUM4U2FRelhRS2liNEt1dmtvNDl5UU96MnZGTl9XMXB0VFI2c1k1VHl4SnJEdXU2dm13Ym9kMnAxSjdmM3JXRzE2RVRDd9IBrwFBVV95cUxQM054WHRUN1F6dE1WcnBhRGNCZldVa3ZLV0ZZNEY2WHRsQjhpbnR0U29CMmtnQzR3bmdtalV0bzR4d3ZEc1JrYXhQa3dHV3hETXU4RkE2OUR6VDNaeDZibm82aHR6T3BUNFc3Z3BkRndMWlVHakxQMFNWSjVESGZzVXVlZEZfbFJIUHRfeGs2M2c5X0RyVU9NdWhhTE1CdWYycGNnZG1qSVNicHRoTkdF?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iMkNnNVVWVGx5YjFCRFpWUm1aV0ZvVFJDeUF4akNCU2dLTWdzTkFJek1ES1VtdzFwTjZB=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tdxgqIuMCdYXjnxBEi-22G1al2_n0slQR4vppoxUyB3fupq2sPqxL3okZNKW_QWJrymCWx6k_g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/jKYgO8ulUFIuqNkrnSiZUs_d9To3nIljsM8WxTEZPBEt8b_Qh23wFW08cWR1QaT1N2r-cU6spg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

[India's 1st Mpox Case? Centre Says Man Isolated, No Cause For
Alarm](./read/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPUGhrTEwzdkxkT2kzT3RlTUlTUVpnZTlJa1dqUFk0djNFWFRYRHRxaHJ0cDJLbDBpMUxzY1pLbVMxOTI3X2xReU5YSXJHVGtpWnZEazBPTWZRLTFIUlRhV3dIWUM4U2FRelhRS2liNEt1dmtvNDl5UU96MnZGTl9XMXB0VFI2c1k1VHl4SnJEdXU2dm13Ym9kMnAxSjdmM3JXRzE2RVRDd9IBrwFBVV95cUxQM054WHRUN1F6dE1WcnBhRGNCZldVa3ZLV0ZZNEY2WHRsQjhpbnR0U29CMmtnQzR3bmdtalV0bzR4d3ZEc1JrYXhQa3dHV3hETXU4RkE2OUR6VDNaeDZibm82aHR6T3BUNFc3Z3BkRndMWlVHakxQMFNWSjVESGZzVXVlZEZfbFJIUHRfeGs2M2c5X0RyVU9NdWhhTE1CdWYycGNnZG1qSVNicHRoTkdF?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

* * *

By saikat bose

[](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNUEFqX3diTTI0Q0pfd2wzMWlNUHptTWt5QlVYbW9jZXJNNERTV0xYWlFCUC1kUkRPbEJITzJ6QWcyUnpHaEFOWng3M1M5TEZDZ0dUSUR3Tkw4a0FoRnBsaTlEa2VGNk8tV2F5OUhwYnplSFJIY2E2RVdFQW0yYTVtaUFYVnF5LUNSc2pUbVJJVDBqdllCOE15amNBdUJsaHViVGg0dnJEbzg5Tjd2dHc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV

More

["Screening And Testing, Contact Tracing": Centre's Mpox Advisory To
States](./read/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNUEFqX3diTTI0Q0pfd2wzMWlNUHptTWt5QlVYbW9jZXJNNERTV0xYWlFCUC1kUkRPbEJITzJ6QWcyUnpHaEFOWng3M1M5TEZDZ0dUSUR3Tkw4a0FoRnBsaTlEa2VGNk8tV2F5OUhwYnplSFJIY2E2RVdFQW0yYTVtaUFYVnF5LUNSc2pUbVJJVDBqdllCOE15amNBdUJsaHViVGg0dnJEbzg5Tjd2dHc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

26 minutes ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Monkeypox in India: Suspected case identified; key symptoms exclusively seen
in this
infection](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMisgFBVV95cUxNclZjcHJPemY2NTZtaHk4UW93cEtCdmRvRDBZSW1rT0syZnBHSmVveGVkTV9pN2J0aFR0QUpXSE1PU3NXWjlFaUpyd0JkRi1NRm1EVmFPczU4RE1OOWRNVXNhUU9oSWRaaFN2SG1Zb09KcUlSVTVnTmJUNVdKTmdNaWx4Sm1qaXFlODF1VzktNHhUVEx0bDNrTEI1Ykd4alkxUnRDZkpBbm10a2R6UDlIejVB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://indianexpress.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Indian Express

More

[Suspected case of mpox identified, no cause for alarm: Health
Ministry](./read/CBMisgFBVV95cUxNclZjcHJPemY2NTZtaHk4UW93cEtCdmRvRDBZSW1rT0syZnBHSmVveGVkTV9pN2J0aFR0QUpXSE1PU3NXWjlFaUpyd0JkRi1NRm1EVmFPczU4RE1OOWRNVXNhUU9oSWRaaFN2SG1Zb09KcUlSVTVnTmJUNVdKTmdNaWx4Sm1qaXFlODF1VzktNHhUVEx0bDNrTEI1Ykd4alkxUnRDZkpBbm10a2R6UDlIejVB?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

20 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lUX3BpbkRCSEppNWtUdnBoY2hDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxPc0NPa3R3bGxaSzlyOVVzYmNvYmNaMkdKeF9TTmRlSmh1VmxUMER0Wmh0eVdYRjFGYnVMbThEYmtWYTNEX3VfeE1CNmJTa0dNV0MyaUxnYXJwbVFubWZtY0V0N19GQklaTHljc1Z0UzZXaWJVOERZVzV5ckMtUW1DVnM5ci1valdOMW9ORFZTdDNwbXd1OWtyUnIxWGFPWWdtR3pJTWtLS1ZEajQteUlmWUJVa2w3elEtVzg0Y2RVc1B1S1hoYW04bkYwdGE5T255Unp0eW1oODZ2WTdWOWtWMTNUWQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUNZM0V6YmpKbVJIcE9kMWxUVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZVjBZcU9SUVU=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EhgJfcqc741i6MuCdraj7h6JokSPSRGPEJkf66ZsOSBqDdyD_0iY-
yBx_VMGu3t92Mezztp_i0g=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/6SWJITTVK7767kX_JodARlk1DG2Zdc2sudocpMCx7CR2nfPCXBULelI20LumelQDtspHHho50w=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Tata Technologies stock gets target price upgrade from Citi, down 20% from
record
high](./read/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxPc0NPa3R3bGxaSzlyOVVzYmNvYmNaMkdKeF9TTmRlSmh1VmxUMER0Wmh0eVdYRjFGYnVMbThEYmtWYTNEX3VfeE1CNmJTa0dNV0MyaUxnYXJwbVFubWZtY0V0N19GQklaTHljc1Z0UzZXaWJVOERZVzV5ckMtUW1DVnM5ci1valdOMW9ORFZTdDNwbXd1OWtyUnIxWGFPWWdtR3pJTWtLS1ZEajQteUlmWUJVa2w3elEtVzg0Y2RVc1B1S1hoYW04bkYwdGE5T255Unp0eW1oODZ2WTdWOWtWMTNUWQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Stock Radar: Down 20% from highs, Tata Technologies takes support above
downward sloping trendline; time
t](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Kshitij Anand

[](./read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPUGpfdFdFa1ZsX0M3S2I0VnZ4TWdUS1dZZzY3QnNNbHVnTTltTDBQeGRuamNWTW9xMzg3ckEzREl6UTZQVHV1Qmk3VTVHSjhoUlE4Q3htQkprYXIxczdVV0pzMmkxTmFSUGMydXZkMGNuNVJNZ3NvZExfb1hKSTh5R2h5VmVrYmgzcXNTX2lRNUZ4SHpHYXJmYmtDenRYZ1EtS0IwUzBTUmlGUkk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://in.investing.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Investing.com India

More

[Tata Tech Shares Slump As Citi Maintains 'Sell' Rating, Sees 15% Downside By
Benzinga
India](./read/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPUGpfdFdFa1ZsX0M3S2I0VnZ4TWdUS1dZZzY3QnNNbHVnTTltTDBQeGRuamNWTW9xMzg3ckEzREl6UTZQVHV1Qmk3VTVHSjhoUlE4Q3htQkprYXIxczdVV0pzMmkxTmFSUGMydXZkMGNuNVJNZ3NvZExfb1hKSTh5R2h5VmVrYmgzcXNTX2lRNUZ4SHpHYXJmYmtDenRYZ1EtS0IwUzBTUmlGUkk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxON0g1NnFsTnRWLWVNUjc3blNQbkMxRHNrNVJaa2RocHZmc3VPX3gzUlhZaVdZWXBSNVk5bFRJakVIVGtldk5aRF9QT0EwSG1WRGVrY2VxTVc2LUl4aW9Jc1ZFWWZCSU93VENYQmdILUpLaUxqeHdUcEFsc0JnblRkZVpGektHTFNQTHpoZHRpWW1BN1U3WlItVWM4SGN4V25FVWfSAacBQVVfeXFMTUl0ZXFsQ3hELVF0QXhqNG1XdXlWQ2Rudkw1NDlLalB6cUFiSHlQbzFtZDFxLUhTSDJtSHFDZmxXVzVacFFtRVotRG5UTU01YnFZYWhFOWV0RkxFRGd5UUpPcUFrMVkxVzM3MHo0OVJqTzBNbzhXWEtVVnBTLVVQRTFrbUlnX050SW1uejB4Tzg1c25Gc2F0VndvNlhUSmY4T0QxWl9SNFk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtvprofit.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Profit

More

[Tata Technologies Bears Brunt Of VinFast Revenue Decline — Should Investors
Be
Worried?](./read/CBMiogFBVV95cUxON0g1NnFsTnRWLWVNUjc3blNQbkMxRHNrNVJaa2RocHZmc3VPX3gzUlhZaVdZWXBSNVk5bFRJakVIVGtldk5aRF9QT0EwSG1WRGVrY2VxTVc2LUl4aW9Jc1ZFWWZCSU93VENYQmdILUpLaUxqeHdUcEFsc0JnblRkZVpGektHTFNQTHpoZHRpWW1BN1U3WlItVWM4SGN4V25FVWfSAacBQVVfeXFMTUl0ZXFsQ3hELVF0QXhqNG1XdXlWQ2Rudkw1NDlLalB6cUFiSHlQbzFtZDFxLUhTSDJtSHFDZmxXVzVacFFtRVotRG5UTU01YnFZYWhFOWV0RkxFRGd5UUpPcUFrMVkxVzM3MHo0OVJqTzBNbzhXWEtVVnBTLVVQRTFrbUlnX050SW1uejB4Tzg1c25Gc2F0VndvNlhUSmY4T0QxWl9SNFk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 days ago

* * *

By Rucha Somaiya

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pqbE15ZURCR2ptbWl5Rk9wX3N5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOQldSQmdkMzc4X0FWT2VVWmx5dmUycUNlYkoxZEY0b3hvQUpPVXVyN3VJUzJMTTJpQzl3ZnBuN1d0MmhkT2lCemZWOUE2dmRUdWVUSGdsX2ItQ1AxV3oxdVhnWTlaR3NHeGZ5UjdjbHpodE9FWmNpejRmRExCeVQ3U05UWWpRaUpZR0lFbEFGZm9HOExTajU0Vk9qWllXa2pHSjNYc2FLRThVRHVQWE9zZHN4MW5MXzBHOUo5eDhfWDBpT3oyUnVsdDBXT0Y1aFg2bHZhMjJUOA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNWtjbDlUTmtZNWF5MTZPRUpFVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdtUkVZNm5EcXMxS1FJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/il1YSB76BhyDivyobuHU_Tex2qT9kypjY1Zf2XNd6OUJoCzvNz25AMPkJP91myo6enzhhkpRxg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/EHFzBnM0m86shsKnce5kAZQGa-
nORqgbe4q_PgqRwURLVtPtUjzd6SDx3LeItRtoDItWTmKnbg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[KL Rahul To Rishabh Pant: How Indian Test Cricketers Performed In 1st Round
Of Duleep Trophy
2024](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOQldSQmdkMzc4X0FWT2VVWmx5dmUycUNlYkoxZEY0b3hvQUpPVXVyN3VJUzJMTTJpQzl3ZnBuN1d0MmhkT2lCemZWOUE2dmRUdWVUSGdsX2ItQ1AxV3oxdVhnWTlaR3NHeGZ5UjdjbHpodE9FWmNpejRmRExCeVQ3U05UWWpRaUpZR0lFbEFGZm9HOExTajU0Vk9qWllXa2pHSjNYc2FLRThVRHVQWE9zZHN4MW5MXzBHOUo5eDhfWDBpT3oyUnVsdDBXT0Y1aFg2bHZhMjJUOA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

* * *

By Harshit Bisht

[](./read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOWUp2V1QtRHdBNXVSM3VZY2NqUWxFaVcycTVldjZSN3BjclZKaHc5YUV0TERIcjRUWW9ocF9obktEb3Bkd2ljVXBHdGd5M0tYRGxuZVhhQVNicGoxUUFINUszajdVQTBkeTNjaVdKR05ETkJIQTk3UjE3S0xBbk1Pd3JNSll5WGFkSGN6UnBpcl9IUzEtRDdHWjhtbzlfc280VnpRWjZYekh1MUpOLWp3M3hSdV9sUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.espncricinfo.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ESPNcricinfo

More

[Cricket Video - IND-C vs IND-D, 2nd Match 2024/25
Highlights](./read/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOWUp2V1QtRHdBNXVSM3VZY2NqUWxFaVcycTVldjZSN3BjclZKaHc5YUV0TERIcjRUWW9ocF9obktEb3Bkd2ljVXBHdGd5M0tYRGxuZVhhQVNicGoxUUFINUszajdVQTBkeTNjaVdKR05ETkJIQTk3UjE3S0xBbk1Pd3JNSll5WGFkSGN6UnBpcl9IUzEtRDdHWjhtbzlfc280VnpRWjZYekh1MUpOLWp3M3hSdV9sUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 hours ago

[](./read/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNTEJWdjVaSlc2OTlkMk5CWHQ3WWxWSFJfaDh4WU1kUFNzUDhMVmc0NmFCR2N6aGNrMEMwM3paR0tXVTVLbFExS0xwaGRNekFLd3ZvVW9nQUtNTHRTNk8zZlJLUmxiSmhCZTBNc1ZnaFJqNXZNTnFxZzJCZWMyUjZ1dk5pQmQwTk9KV3FVNXR6ek9yUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cricbuzz.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Cricbuzz

More

[Suthar, batters give India C a winning
start](./read/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNTEJWdjVaSlc2OTlkMk5CWHQ3WWxWSFJfaDh4WU1kUFNzUDhMVmc0NmFCR2N6aGNrMEMwM3paR0tXVTVLbFExS0xwaGRNekFLd3ZvVW9nQUtNTHRTNk8zZlJLUmxiSmhCZTBNc1ZnaFJqNXZNTnFxZzJCZWMyUjZ1dk5pQmQwTk9KV3FVNXR6ek9yUQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[Shreyas Iyer's Loud "Intent" Remark A Message To Gautam Gambhir, Rohit
Sharma](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lHcE9ha0RCSG9BbXRSc01rMTFDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxQNDN1bHR5ZFllNC1kdmZTWVFjREhBM29NNXBCOC0zYU5yVFpSMWZOUVJJOXc3MzIza3pfRWQ3LXNKYy1PVlR5MmJIQXJZTVkzZTAyM0tULWx2MFh3eGFHdFowa2xFV3dWekZ6TW1NSXZ0cFVzM2prRVY0Wk92akFWbnBlWk9qaXo2MnZpX2ZEa3czMVN4d2lPNHFxSGVuaEJ2VDJyNmlQSXRVWE53UHBFc1lkeDJmQm9uSnU1OTNqejlXNlpMQWZYRDV0LWVwRkxTb05FNGhfTDBFa1EwSzk3M05ydTV4dHF0MGVn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://upstox.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Upstox

More

[Jio Financial Services forms JV with BlackRock for investment advisory
services; shares in
focus](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxQNDN1bHR5ZFllNC1kdmZTWVFjREhBM29NNXBCOC0zYU5yVFpSMWZOUVJJOXc3MzIza3pfRWQ3LXNKYy1PVlR5MmJIQXJZTVkzZTAyM0tULWx2MFh3eGFHdFowa2xFV3dWekZ6TW1NSXZ0cFVzM2prRVY0Wk92akFWbnBlWk9qaXo2MnZpX2ZEa3czMVN4d2lPNHFxSGVuaEJ2VDJyNmlQSXRVWE53UHBFc1lkeDJmQm9uSnU1OTNqejlXNlpMQWZYRDV0LWVwRkxTb05FNGhfTDBFa1EwSzk3M05ydTV4dHF0MGVn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxQZ1U5bXRJNVg4b1FuZWNoMWtMU182Y3A2UWhjR1pQQ09ZTFRIZlliN0ZSdGlpSTA4RGMzSXNCaW95WGEwdmFuTDZUSmJKSElpb0hxU3NJNDJHOERQbzJ3b3FTajZNcWRXQVEwYXRqQU9RcGkwTHNoeG1FM01zMG1WRThuZFI3MFp2WnZzOWEydm9zZF9LYldjVnJjTXljWldVYl9RV1NqZy1MV1MxM3d1RVpOaThiMmZCeTlaeWwzTVpfVXpmSlV6VjdFbGRCVXpHaGdmMDE0SXpIWnpGeGVXUGs2Sjh3UEZuWlE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[Jio Financial Services shares in focus as co forms JV for investment advisory
services](./read/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxQZ1U5bXRJNVg4b1FuZWNoMWtMU182Y3A2UWhjR1pQQ09ZTFRIZlliN0ZSdGlpSTA4RGMzSXNCaW95WGEwdmFuTDZUSmJKSElpb0hxU3NJNDJHOERQbzJ3b3FTajZNcWRXQVEwYXRqQU9RcGkwTHNoeG1FM01zMG1WRThuZFI3MFp2WnZzOWEydm9zZF9LYldjVnJjTXljWldVYl9RV1NqZy1MV1MxM3d1RVpOaThiMmZCeTlaeWwzTVpfVXpmSlV6VjdFbGRCVXpHaGdmMDE0SXpIWnpGeGVXUGs2Sjh3UEZuWlE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Amit Mudgill

[](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxNQkNjQmJPd3hVbDROT1V3RmpXX3dwejF0Z3BzdV9hdkU4UkFUM2tVUWY0cGk4RkpuSzkyMVJobm91TjkxU29XT2lDR3Bad2hBZ2RyY1N1b0lTR1RvM191cm5Ha0FSMGFzTnAwRUJrSk9aWk52LUI0WGFBeXZWbkxfOHMxYWk2QWRZWTFjSXdJby1oUkwxdFlmZ0VseW5NZGNnc3NUeDA3OXo3UlAwR2tfMmY5M2VoU3hqVXczVFNMQzk3T2xTOWk4Y2g5ZFpacHpRS1k4emIwTQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://in.investing.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Investing.com India

More

[Jio Financial Services Shares Take A Dip Despite Strengthening BlackRock
Partnership By Benzinga
India](./read/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxNQkNjQmJPd3hVbDROT1V3RmpXX3dwejF0Z3BzdV9hdkU4UkFUM2tVUWY0cGk4RkpuSzkyMVJobm91TjkxU29XT2lDR3Bad2hBZ2RyY1N1b0lTR1RvM191cm5Ha0FSMGFzTnAwRUJrSk9aWk52LUI0WGFBeXZWbkxfOHMxYWk2QWRZWTFjSXdJby1oUkwxdFlmZ0VseW5NZGNnc3NUeDA3OXo3UlAwR2tfMmY5M2VoU3hqVXczVFNMQzk3T2xTOWk4Y2g5ZFpacHpRS1k4emIwTQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPaHpjS05iMGhNcFFhbW9EUVBVWWhkV3RGSkNBc09CUm0yOEtVMXVENXI3Um1mNDQwaVRqYU02NHFzdmhnQU1uMmM4UEJnMFFhTnFjZUZSbzZkcWhFOEJQTlFndzV3emdnOUU1dTJIVVh1UDNiblBuX2swQmZnY3NUOTVGSW9hcEpvX2lzOWY3RnJZZms3UzAwbWFNQ01hRFFBNWlYQnZBN2Q4YkJrZThEeC0yWnFuSkdGTTJOMlhJOTVCOGxhS0ZYMVlFaE1XY0FFTG9pc0o4Y0I3SDQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Jio Financial, BlackRock Advisors enter JV for investment advisory
services](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPaHpjS05iMGhNcFFhbW9EUVBVWWhkV3RGSkNBc09CUm0yOEtVMXVENXI3Um1mNDQwaVRqYU02NHFzdmhnQU1uMmM4UEJnMFFhTnFjZUZSbzZkcWhFOEJQTlFndzV3emdnOUU1dTJIVVh1UDNiblBuX2swQmZnY3NUOTVGSW9hcEpvX2lzOWY3RnJZZms3UzAwbWFNQ01hRFFBNWlYQnZBN2Q4YkJrZThEeC0yWnFuSkdGTTJOMlhJOTVCOGxhS0ZYMVlFaE1XY0FFTG9pc0o4Y0I3SDQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

16 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2otODdxZ0RCRUpLTVRBX3djaU15Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUJSalZ5VVRreGNrUk5jVGQyVFJEZ0F4aUFCU2dLTWdhWnBJTE1PUVU=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/TirD1DkdPjg3ym-
YNtry6LKAxvvbvC9bQxv54RzHFwZHUtMvqF-
OkoMZs3i3ZdXJUKo40OodRg=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/M_u-
j_3ZTJHQmrif1I1nCl8mcvfXyLoa4GZokVE4CLzAh0q2FJ1Q4JqqZYF6Ku4ptOVj_qB-
Gm0=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cnbctv18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

CNBCTV18

More

[IPO buzz next week as 13 companies hit primary market to raise ₹8,644
crore](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNdUNaT1hXbEtUMlFEamJuOU9wa1pfVllHcVpUbDZXZ3lray10d0Q4V2dsSmx4NWFsOS1uYUZFdDFOV2xJWWVhOGxZZmw4aVRvb3lJNjFNM0xVOWJsOXh6Sl96dXpYVFRrVkJxem1rYnVSSzNXY3dkei15bHhXNXdQYTdMVHM0Q19JV1oySG8xbC1FMHZKc1JMSTl5ak9fMmlTazgtU29mRzlqRHFjdWZiYlRjalBhOEFkcGM1eVJlVkJhMnJFUTFuU3lxWjEzMkc2U1QtVmoyelphb1Izb3lLNjctelhzLThlZ042dkFlaEtra1BYRG9Jb052b1NwNVc5WnVfN0hBNA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://upstox.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Upstox

More

[IPOs this week: Bajaj Housing Finance, Tolins Tyres, Western Carriers among 5
mainboard issues to open for bidding, check full
list](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNdUNaT1hXbEtUMlFEamJuOU9wa1pfVllHcVpUbDZXZ3lray10d0Q4V2dsSmx4NWFsOS1uYUZFdDFOV2xJWWVhOGxZZmw4aVRvb3lJNjFNM0xVOWJsOXh6Sl96dXpYVFRrVkJxem1rYnVSSzNXY3dkei15bHhXNXdQYTdMVHM0Q19JV1oySG8xbC1FMHZKc1JMSTl5ak9fMmlTazgtU29mRzlqRHFjdWZiYlRjalBhOEFkcGM1eVJlVkJhMnJFUTFuU3lxWjEzMkc2U1QtVmoyelphb1Izb3lLNjctelhzLThlZ042dkFlaEtra1BYRG9Jb052b1NwNVc5WnVfN0hBNA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxObGdPT3pnUFdMUTd1NGtySkdJLUptNWFteTZPZnlVQ1dwMTh0YTZNZlYyRVdoZm5BOWFUemoxd2VKQ19DNUlyalo2bzNCR1lROHA3bjlPa0EyeUM0UUtWSzdtbjB1YmpNODVocDFrTWZKWUpFamwyYkhhNEhTM21FRDFJa2gwRGZ6ei1oSENZWmlBQ2E4YXY1cFBnam9XV1hpSHBqZi1FYXljOVVlMGpHcjN5QlprTWJLbDkzb1BvVWptdThBYUZnVE8xUTFtTGxRa2VsR0h4VXpZazhrdlF2YVhQRklEVjFicDdSeDdR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesstoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Today

More

[14 IPOs to open this week to raise over Rs 9,000 crore: Here's all that you
need to
know](./read/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxObGdPT3pnUFdMUTd1NGtySkdJLUptNWFteTZPZnlVQ1dwMTh0YTZNZlYyRVdoZm5BOWFUemoxd2VKQ19DNUlyalo2bzNCR1lROHA3bjlPa0EyeUM0UUtWSzdtbjB1YmpNODVocDFrTWZKWUpFamwyYkhhNEhTM21FRDFJa2gwRGZ6ei1oSENZWmlBQ2E4YXY1cFBnam9XV1hpSHBqZi1FYXljOVVlMGpHcjN5QlprTWJLbDkzb1BvVWptdThBYUZnVE8xUTFtTGxRa2VsR0h4VXpZazhrdlF2YVhQRklEVjFicDdSeDdR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

* * *

By Pawan Nahar and Prince Kumar Nahar

[](./read/CBMi_AFBVV95cUxQeFlIdF9zeU0wQXlIN25ENkJqTDBLUXdWbnpFdDdOTUFWYURyMWZwOV9NWVVEWmQ0VTZ0SnY4WFhmRjhGNGVXS3RrM0N2V1RlbGhVZ2ZkQkx1bWdmWnlNLVFlcnJXOEstODVFY1p2TzRpVEl5eEJZWS1lY2RxbGpscmE3cjExcnozQ2N5YThoNWc0TWRXU0tPeGk2eGRrczNNaC1YQnF2a3lCcnpaaXUtRmU0TFVicGg4QmZPZFB5UHNMd2FyQXBKak94bDludE1sam5QQzY2cUx1bmdEbUZ1VTVDYjFXS3NkQUV5Q3pacFZIcDQ1TEpQVDZrUzE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Upcoming IPOs: D-street set for action-packed week with 13 IPOs, 8 listings,
5 allotments - Full
guide](./read/CBMi_AFBVV95cUxQeFlIdF9zeU0wQXlIN25ENkJqTDBLUXdWbnpFdDdOTUFWYURyMWZwOV9NWVVEWmQ0VTZ0SnY4WFhmRjhGNGVXS3RrM0N2V1RlbGhVZ2ZkQkx1bWdmWnlNLVFlcnJXOEstODVFY1p2TzRpVEl5eEJZWS1lY2RxbGpscmE3cjExcnozQ2N5YThoNWc0TWRXU0tPeGk2eGRrczNNaC1YQnF2a3lCcnpaaXUtRmU0TFVicGg4QmZPZFB5UHNMd2FyQXBKak94bDludE1sam5QQzY2cUx1bmdEbUZ1VTVDYjFXS3NkQUV5Q3pacFZIcDQ1TEpQVDZrUzE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By PARAS BISHT

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pWeVlpbkRCSFZqTTQ5a29UcEJTZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUJhMkZNWTA5bWJFMUpSbVpWVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZQk1KWWpKd28=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JufTzTMu9l6RFyXEEfl6ZPdS7xjYhoSXVmDHURyphjVSNK2zH8uWdyJKd9gg0YOYUCop4Alylis=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/L1imb9PspOXypQXjt3yPQrnXFfVcixw7dkjrigkUH53Cpc4AsiTyoxBk5FT4icBvXqYVEPNy=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Indian stock market: 8 key things that changed for market over weekend - Gift Nifty, US nonfarm payrolls to Japan’s GDP | Stock Market News](.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

* * *

By Ankit Gohel

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[What to do with Vodafone Idea, HUDCO, Oil India and 3 other stocks? Aamar Deo
of Angel One
decodes](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

24 minutes ago

* * *

By Shivendra Kumar

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindubusinessline.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

BusinessLine

More

[Domestic markets to suffer as global equities see US recession
threat](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Badri Narayanan Gopalakrishnan

[](./read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxPbHJxMUdKdTZKYjdLTUhqRWlzU1BpbnFvMHkycUZGdkVuS01TRmV4bW40V2tHVlF1Tk50RWZwNXR2NmtNVUtVc2o2RE0wdnJaSS0xeFJKQ2dsUGRvM0dVd1dncTV0UVFrM2s3bXhfYV95MkMtWDdSMGFfU2Mzck1CX0xscy1ndWxuVW1WcktVckQ3RnEyNlhqNVNLYXd4NWNQZl9PVkZ3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deccanherald.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Deccan Herald

More

[Market consolidation to continue in the near-
term](./read/CBMipgFBVV95cUxPbHJxMUdKdTZKYjdLTUhqRWlzU1BpbnFvMHkycUZGdkVuS01TRmV4bW40V2tHVlF1Tk50RWZwNXR2NmtNVUtVc2o2RE0wdnJaSS0xeFJKQ2dsUGRvM0dVd1dncTV0UVFrM2s3bXhfYV95MkMtWDdSMGFfU2Mzck1CX0xscy1ndWxuVW1WcktVckQ3RnEyNlhqNVNLYXd4NWNQZl9PVkZ3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Siddhartha Khemka

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2owemN1bERCRmFScm9Vek1PRnRDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMimgJBVV95cUxNbWxheHVyMlhSdjl3UzZNVmwtT1NtWjdDUnByQkZSUy03WXNKM0loOUd0bzhPRmlBOXBncGUtWjktYkFDd0xLSE1jb183SFE0T1FlTm5XVTRmOUdBcE5pUVl0dHM2WHJPWkVrREhRbVFYZmlvelViRUpmZkJONkZ3R0dPc2xwMDBuZUdTVUN1dTVwN1NiMmJaUFRVWHNFVVdjSmcxdGdBaUNkdnBQOGZNMnJaakZwc0pXODFqZU11bnZiaU9rYkJYNVd6dFNOb2o1Tk9xTUZOeE5rZ3NrRHlnZHhlMDNBNXpvVHFvdkFucDYxaVNnQ3dPU2UxN3dka2RwVGZVLS10Qkkza2hPbmZyMWVyTE0yb1FKelE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iNkNnNVlRVGg0UjBoWlN6SkxTRU4yVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWc0QmNJSmxNdU04MHdpNExiYllIQQ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8IuUuCcM2yrbDn9hQU0Sll1X3hPOe9CXg5GRiX8wArgr0-FUbQXcSHwtsZ2Hon6mzgnHyJmXOKA=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

TOI Etimes

More

[Salman Khan grooves at 'Ganpati Visarjan' despite rib injury, fans call him
'megastar' - WATCH
VIDEO](./read/CBMimgJBVV95cUxNbWxheHVyMlhSdjl3UzZNVmwtT1NtWjdDUnByQkZSUy03WXNKM0loOUd0bzhPRmlBOXBncGUtWjktYkFDd0xLSE1jb183SFE0T1FlTm5XVTRmOUdBcE5pUVl0dHM2WHJPWkVrREhRbVFYZmlvelViRUpmZkJONkZ3R0dPc2xwMDBuZUdTVUN1dTVwN1NiMmJaUFRVWHNFVVdjSmcxdGdBaUNkdnBQOGZNMnJaakZwc0pXODFqZU11bnZiaU9rYkJYNVd6dFNOb2o1Tk9xTUZOeE5rZ3NrRHlnZHhlMDNBNXpvVHFvdkFucDYxaVNnQ3dPU2UxN3dka2RwVGZVLS10Qkkza2hPbmZyMWVyTE0yb1FKelE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Movies

More

[Ganesh Chaturthi 2024: Salman Khan Dances With Family During Ganpati
Visarjan.
Watch](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Hardika Gupta

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[Salman Khan Joins Arpita Khan, Arbaaz Khan, Sangeeta Bijlani For Ganesh Visarjan; Dances | WATCH](.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiigJBVV95cUxPQXdzYy1mQ3hpSlowTTRtX01RanRmRjg3R2xXNGdTQTdTb1NhNVlCbmNVUUFjcXVUbW02RXpxWExoX3NXalNVNHRKQzBYZ2NKUGl5TWtkWnI2T0FZdnNrU01IUVcyTUpndDhTbDkyRV9JazVnbG1ybDZDTzdSMzJHYS1ENEROYlhucEg1bmdaTGZtQWpmN3l3VnVDdnBQZzNpOEo5YWk2OXpVT0VvNC1HdXBuYVExZWo4b2ZKRGxySEVnLUozdGp6c0FpOGlQSXhTU3JpeFV5WWt2QUhMZUtwOXpzdVNmMDFLOS1OR1oyNFQtVVZhZ3AtRmcyOFZsa1k5NUZ6OEtJc3dkZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Shah Rukh Khan welcomes Ganpati Bappa into his Mannat; wishes everyone a
modak-fiilled Ganesh
Chaturthi](./read/CBMiigJBVV95cUxPQXdzYy1mQ3hpSlowTTRtX01RanRmRjg3R2xXNGdTQTdTb1NhNVlCbmNVUUFjcXVUbW02RXpxWExoX3NXalNVNHRKQzBYZ2NKUGl5TWtkWnI2T0FZdnNrU01IUVcyTUpndDhTbDkyRV9JazVnbG1ybDZDTzdSMzJHYS1ENEROYlhucEg1bmdaTGZtQWpmN3l3VnVDdnBQZzNpOEo5YWk2OXpVT0VvNC1HdXBuYVExZWo4b2ZKRGxySEVnLUozdGp6c0FpOGlQSXhTU3JpeFV5WWt2QUhMZUtwOXpzdVNmMDFLOS1OR1oyNFQtVVZhZ3AtRmcyOFZsa1k5NUZ6OEtJc3dkZw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 days ago

* * *

By Sugandha Rawal

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pKOEw2bURCR0hHSnhsTnR3UEtpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOOVcwcmxwWW1zU0dacWpUVHFWRlpZbG1GQktIcFJNc21QWjNDWElkTFdxbnJ2cjFxdG5FUmJsUVY4MnhtczVCcTRJczdnYXU5S2NRODJXanF5QTYzLWdpTXkzc19GQzBiRE5FaHlPV0xQb0s0c2wxVm5TRk5oS0NUZHFBZTktU1RNTE5rVlE3VUJWZHhFb2hsQjBRemNMRE5QZFdvQ1NYTmxVR3NHMzBTcVhYN2hXOVZfTUE?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNW9ZMFIxVGxsNmJVVk9TREozVFJEZ0F4al9CQ2dLTWdtQlVKYVlwQ2lhU1FJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/sXxBVh8-O2ES4qxBT6SVUfw64x1ZAEd6HTaweDqieh47Ne5oApAnTNn4QU3rZ9ALH0QdM9TvAw=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/OmUIaFtPSJFWjqJgYtOHuQNldjSj31s4aZDax8MCluhREvAbfBzd311fHJgCjNl0jT9Bbaey2Q=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

["Kha Maa Kasam Nahi Lega": Rishabh Pant, Kuldeep Yadav's Epic Chat Caught On Stump Mic. Watch | Cricket News](./read/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOOVcwcmxwWW1zU0dacWpUVHFWRlpZbG1GQktIcFJNc21QWjNDWElkTFdxbnJ2cjFxdG5FUmJsUVY4MnhtczVCcTRJczdnYXU5S2NRODJXanF5QTYzLWdpTXkzc19GQzBiRE5FaHlPV0xQb0s0c2wxVm5TRk5oS0NUZHFBZTktU1RNTE5rVlE3VUJWZHhFb2hsQjBRemNMRE5QZFdvQ1NYTmxVR3NHMzBTcVhYN2hXOVZfTUE?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNbVE5WDJuUW10RkNQc1E0UXFlMlhyU2dULUU0OER0QWtMQmM3VFlOU0NoY0U2b1JWdTYyNW9La3hHcWRYdGdCQU1QRWxtRFRwZFpzVHp4bFhualRZdXV1MVVnQTNiQzBRLTBnX1I2QWY1SHJST09Vd1dYUzA3bUc0V2Y2RGt5LWJHTnNka0hLdGhqakJLc1JacTRLaEUxaklhY1VhMmtiSzRIT1Jpb3g3c0FFaDY4TmU2cC1fbEhpX3JzakdEcnc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[Rishabh Pant Tells Kuldeep Yadav "You'll Be Out In 3 Overs". Here's What
Happened
Next](./read/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNbVE5WDJuUW10RkNQc1E0UXFlMlhyU2dULUU0OER0QWtMQmM3VFlOU0NoY0U2b1JWdTYyNW9La3hHcWRYdGdCQU1QRWxtRFRwZFpzVHp4bFhualRZdXV1MVVnQTNiQzBRLTBnX1I2QWY1SHJST09Vd1dYUzA3bUc0V2Y2RGt5LWJHTnNka0hLdGhqakJLc1JacTRLaEUxaklhY1VhMmtiSzRIT1Jpb3g3c0FFaDY4TmU2cC1fbEhpX3JzakdEcnc?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNREdpb0lVcmtHRTBNQkRCSVBOMnhDa3NvQmdsVExTSEw1Q0Q4Qmd0QjdDamxaMGlTT3REdDdjLXVSNWp6dWlpOV83R2pHdzhJUV9PS1lWVlFqcTFueE80RHh2cjk2U1A2eUxIQ1Vja01yOUNzWVdwS2lTSXE3U3NDVjFTNl9JcHNobE1JR1JiVi1vTEdYWk95OUQwb0pzZTJJZXMzWmltSzkwaUZBYkdyNWhnZTR0Uzdyb1JnSkxXOFRWeDVEZjFMUzhBQ29JZ2dIUWpnWkJ4am9aTDJTSmNFR1dyY3ItbXVvdTcxV3RGTHZkRW9hU2UzbExTUW0ybXBrQjVfTE4tVQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Rishabh Pant sneaks into India A's huddle, listens to Shubman Gill's entire
pep-talk before being spotted by Avesh
Khan](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxNREdpb0lVcmtHRTBNQkRCSVBOMnhDa3NvQmdsVExTSEw1Q0Q4Qmd0QjdDamxaMGlTT3REdDdjLXVSNWp6dWlpOV83R2pHdzhJUV9PS1lWVlFqcTFueE80RHh2cjk2U1A2eUxIQ1Vja01yOUNzWVdwS2lTSXE3U3NDVjFTNl9JcHNobE1JR1JiVi1vTEdYWk95OUQwb0pzZTJJZXMzWmltSzkwaUZBYkdyNWhnZTR0Uzdyb1JnSkxXOFRWeDVEZjFMUzhBQ29JZ2dIUWpnWkJ4am9aTDJTSmNFR1dyY3ItbXVvdTcxV3RGTHZkRW9hU2UzbExTUW0ybXBrQjVfTE4tVQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

21 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOWFd0S25Ra1EwRDZGR0tDci0yOTZRdHhZdHZ2QnFpMXBsMTN0UmdMUWNmOTFiMzhUVlFEdVZWNDIxUmJMeS1hMFdKbDZjSlNISzRpMVI3bG5tTmVuMElYRnJpbUY4QXEzTlJubXRkT2Q2OVdoZ2lnelBjVHpORTlDd0FmQVoyUE51cUswZVV4VjI3dnZLVmUzZ0htYkRSbDhYVVNpUHFzUl8yRmtZaVVNUTd4N2F1eGdoV1RtVU9mLWliSXhsT0d2VUdObUpRbThydGpfWkkydm5DUlk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Watch: India B's Rishabh Pant hilariously joins India A huddle in Duleep
Trophy](./read/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxOWFd0S25Ra1EwRDZGR0tDci0yOTZRdHhZdHZ2QnFpMXBsMTN0UmdMUWNmOTFiMzhUVlFEdVZWNDIxUmJMeS1hMFdKbDZjSlNISzRpMVI3bG5tTmVuMElYRnJpbUY4QXEzTlJubXRkT2Q2OVdoZ2lnelBjVHpORTlDd0FmQVoyUE51cUswZVV4VjI3dnZLVmUzZ0htYkRSbDhYVVNpUHFzUl8yRmtZaVVNUTd4N2F1eGdoV1RtVU9mLWliSXhsT0d2VUdObUpRbThydGpfWkkydm5DUlk?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lLNXNLbURCRUJfZmZwbUFHNlJDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxQNXVmWF9tV3hxY25vNWZkV3VvOTQ5QU1jVi1razBiRlFjS2NrNC1wSFNXRmtadS1LcWdzVDhPelcteXEyRWE1Qkd1QTJEWEt1b3IxMXJoTDUyRjhiZVZ1NnllSUZuYVZWcFQtLU1xS2FpbDMzeUl0U0owb0V4djF6WFBSOGRCV3plNExTRGxpRzVqNVBVMXlOOTBVNl9BbWZ2MG1zNTZhVEVCSnhBSFY4bHZiNDk5QnN2LUp4alFVOUtpOGlIdVRuaTZKeTVyUUF1WWVqQk5rU2oyVVB1eGZYeEc4S1BJb1l3Y0JR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNUtVMWhxVFZGNGNEWjBOR2h2VFJDb0FSaXNBaWdCTWdrTklKaEhuYWc5cHdJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.espn.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ESPN India

More

[Asian Champions Trophy: India begin campaign with a 3-0 win over
China](./read/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxQNXVmWF9tV3hxY25vNWZkV3VvOTQ5QU1jVi1razBiRlFjS2NrNC1wSFNXRmtadS1LcWdzVDhPelcteXEyRWE1Qkd1QTJEWEt1b3IxMXJoTDUyRjhiZVZ1NnllSUZuYVZWcFQtLU1xS2FpbDMzeUl0U0owb0V4djF6WFBSOGRCV3plNExTRGxpRzVqNVBVMXlOOTBVNl9BbWZ2MG1zNTZhVEVCSnhBSFY4bHZiNDk5QnN2LUp4alFVOUtpOGlIdVRuaTZKeTVyUUF1WWVqQk5rU2oyVVB1eGZYeEc4S1BJb1l3Y0JR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By Anish Anand

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[India vs Japan Live Score, Asian Champions Trophy Hockey 2024: India Dominant As 1st Quarter Ends | IND 2-0 JPN](.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?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 minutes ago

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Asian Champions Trophy Live, India vs Japan: India look to maintain winning
momentum](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

1 hour ago

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxONFg1T0pTaThJMlZ0c1pQZUJDX1Z2SnJQS2JSUkZCVXRaQ3NzRnRzZ2daQTFPZ2R2ejNpU0ZUdXdtZjJPVHR3T0lXblB0MGdlbER1QmtmeFMxMzNXQmtwRll3aHNfa0R5MXpyVmN2WmZtWHBMQUlPTmFzdDZKRnQ4eGhSbmZ6Qi05VS11X2NvSXFFX1Nfb2VsT2dvYmpUY0hsOWZoMjRVeWh1dlhJak1PSk5zWGV3VUtKc2xUVVY1ZnFnSEVES0JTQWRoN2lyVFcyLUxCU0pn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Defending champions India beat China 3-0 in Asian Champions Trophy
opener](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxONFg1T0pTaThJMlZ0c1pQZUJDX1Z2SnJQS2JSUkZCVXRaQ3NzRnRzZ2daQTFPZ2R2ejNpU0ZUdXdtZjJPVHR3T0lXblB0MGdlbER1QmtmeFMxMzNXQmtwRll3aHNfa0R5MXpyVmN2WmZtWHBMQUlPTmFzdDZKRnQ4eGhSbmZ6Qi05VS11X2NvSXFFX1Nfb2VsT2dvYmpUY0hsOWZoMjRVeWh1dlhJak1PSk5zWGV3VUtKc2xUVVY1ZnFnSEVES0JTQWRoN2lyVFcyLUxCU0pn?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2kxOWVLbERCSGJHbXVXd2U1elRpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNXhOMjlCWjNsWVZrZ3RlVkZCVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdrQklZcUZHdWNzQ1FJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KWKtiaerfOnNxQfpRY5T_b-A6Fl2r2RDpTumesYVdF8wcgqQiBklPObMDBVQ4DBDDWeKKewE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/AID0uysSyBsg6HwQ-
jsptvWM7981kzsKJ4zsXk2TzIUmqilV6LsNokBQLzdbzIvW_YaK4-t7QA=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.indiatoday.in&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

India Today

More

[Nita Ambani in pics with Anant Ambani, Radhika Merchant at Ganesh Chaturthi
celebrations](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

23 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi-
gFBVV95cUxPVWp2NHhGeGJESWFyOEhOSGgtZWhHRVg1RF9qalhmYkFPc3pkSFBaaTQxT1lDbmRaMlJxT0tYMXU0ZW9UcDFYcjJLVkZrOTVWVUNETDk2MjNSMVF4ajZaTml0SGtBMDBVLTduX3RUUFBOeGRNOTJDUVFHLVdaZUoxMUNxUHUwdE1uM3c1OFVqSUUzbHZPcFpPRzZQVlFlREJRNl9keVlwX0k3MGFIdVd0REV6RGpjZ1RXOWlzSlpuSWMzdlptaFdmTDdUY3dsV3BpQ3pHSDdMNkVYaWVwWWZKaFZzYUloR0hOal81N2RPTUJfOGRRZ1N4X0xR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Mukesh Ambani, in conversation with Kumar Mangalam Birla at Ganesh Chaturthi
celebrations, goes viral. Watch](./read/CBMi-
gFBVV95cUxPVWp2NHhGeGJESWFyOEhOSGgtZWhHRVg1RF9qalhmYkFPc3pkSFBaaTQxT1lDbmRaMlJxT0tYMXU0ZW9UcDFYcjJLVkZrOTVWVUNETDk2MjNSMVF4ajZaTml0SGtBMDBVLTduX3RUUFBOeGRNOTJDUVFHLVdaZUoxMUNxUHUwdE1uM3c1OFVqSUUzbHZPcFpPRzZQVlFlREJRNl9keVlwX0k3MGFIdVd0REV6RGpjZ1RXOWlzSlpuSWMzdlptaFdmTDdUY3dsV3BpQ3pHSDdMNkVYaWVwWWZKaFZzYUloR0hOal81N2RPTUJfOGRRZ1N4X0xR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

23 hours ago

* * *

By Vrinda Jain

[](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Ambanis Bid Grand Farewell to Antilia Cha Raja: Nita, Anant, and Radhika’s
Joyful
Visarjan](./read/CBMi_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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPUzJrdVZIc1cwS3pDT21KZHFWR2hzNU84RFJTcDJNRVNaYkV4ZW05MllVU2s1T0Vsd1RkWnVfWkdXVmp4M3RsRTYydm9JYzFSQ0FvUHA2QTg4VkI4dm1zYTV6aFRlMHBRa2lYZU1oQlhvelhyM3BISmVfOW5HZllVS2xqX0pGVUNYc3Fhb2FPeFZ3M2pMTUkxQml5UnZHQmZzY0ROZFYtT2RPc3pkbUZSNDhMNkpMWnVNSUQwSV9aVVJOQzIxSzlHWEZMalF1Yk5Q?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://zeenews.india.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Zee News

More

[Sonam Kapoor To Ananya Panday: Celebs Who Slayed The Festive Fashion Game -
In
Pics](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPUzJrdVZIc1cwS3pDT21KZHFWR2hzNU84RFJTcDJNRVNaYkV4ZW05MllVU2s1T0Vsd1RkWnVfWkdXVmp4M3RsRTYydm9JYzFSQ0FvUHA2QTg4VkI4dm1zYTV6aFRlMHBRa2lYZU1oQlhvelhyM3BISmVfOW5HZllVS2xqX0pGVUNYc3Fhb2FPeFZ3M2pMTUkxQml5UnZHQmZzY0ROZFYtT2RPc3pkbUZSNDhMNkpMWnVNSUQwSV9aVVJOQzIxSzlHWEZMalF1Yk5Q?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

29 minutes ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pGa28ybURCRzVUM0toUmljdkRDZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNXNRamxOUTJGRGRUaDNlVXQwVFJEZ0F4aUFCU2dLTWdhSmhJNUpyZ2M=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.economictimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Economic Times

More

[Technical Views: Nifty’s weakness to offer
opportunities](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

6 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxOSUlWQUpQMGFuTUNzbDNVZUpHVEttbWdLTFFtY0Y4SEIwMjlVVE9XcGJPRktMMEJDM0tULWFVRy1MdUdYaEtvMnk0bTFzUlhpRHNPR0Vnb2FLMEVoWXlIR3RXcENYZ1ZfaEllRm94dy1xT2FXODcyZlFGdHVwUDA2Y3FYUGh2WjZLY2ExZ3VaSEkxckJIcXVyNktGYTMzTmI1YVQ2TEF6TzR0c2tCM08waWZMTE93MVE5MjV6Q29fcGdUSEFiQW80VVNHZDRMM2VpTHNZclVR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.business-
standard.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Business Standard

More

[Buy on dips strategy suggested for Nifty; Check support & other levels
here](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxOSUlWQUpQMGFuTUNzbDNVZUpHVEttbWdLTFFtY0Y4SEIwMjlVVE9XcGJPRktMMEJDM0tULWFVRy1MdUdYaEtvMnk0bTFzUlhpRHNPR0Vnb2FLMEVoWXlIR3RXcENYZ1ZfaEllRm94dy1xT2FXODcyZlFGdHVwUDA2Y3FYUGh2WjZLY2ExZ3VaSEkxckJIcXVyNktGYTMzTmI1YVQ2TEF6TzR0c2tCM08waWZMTE93MVE5MjV6Q29fcGdUSEFiQW80VVNHZDRMM2VpTHNZclVR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Ravi Nathani

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Chartist Talks: Sudeep Shah of SBI Securities explains why he is bullish on
Narayana Hrudayalaya,
Asian...](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

7 hours ago

* * *

By Sunil Matkar

[](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxQV0VUV0o1Tmplb1pKVmwwSkI4eU9fdjA0bHpDa2s5YW1BYkZIUTBqbmRJc3RldTlmelNjSnJZdi12WWVPZ01JNXZMaE5ZNTJ6Mmg3WVAwREF4ai1WTUprVjhvWnJHOVJsS0RBZTZYLS1Ram9aUFBDc0tGaDhBdUJCUGozc0JSaXFUdTgzRXNDTnBSaWdWcmNNUXIwQ0NXRTNSTzNYdEI4V19hbng1a1ZUTFZxR05Ta25Ea0JlWFJlOG05d0VvZngzajRVYlJGS1AxV19maUJ3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindubusinessline.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

BusinessLine

More

[Nifty and Bank Nifty Prediction for the week 09 Sep’24 to 13 Sep’24 by BL
GURU](./read/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxQV0VUV0o1Tmplb1pKVmwwSkI4eU9fdjA0bHpDa2s5YW1BYkZIUTBqbmRJc3RldTlmelNjSnJZdi12WWVPZ01JNXZMaE5ZNTJ6Mmg3WVAwREF4ai1WTUprVjhvWnJHOVJsS0RBZTZYLS1Ram9aUFBDc0tGaDhBdUJCUGozc0JSaXFUdTgzRXNDTnBSaWdWcmNNUXIwQ0NXRTNSTzNYdEI4V19hbng1a1ZUTFZxR05Ta25Ea0JlWFJlOG05d0VvZngzajRVYlJGS1AxV19maUJ3?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

* * *

By Bijoy Ghosh, Renil S Varghese and Siddharth Mathew Cherian

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2ltanVtakRCRWpMSVhQczdlMTZpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxPZkhqNFZVbWc1eXVXZG84YkFXUFVMLTR5UFkwNmxXVFZuUzJtTVhWQWlsNVBjRVFNX0V5dGZua1NReFBtVWZOaFpEdmF5Yy01ZTdMa1Z2VE1vbWhpbDBMRE9rUnp0WXF4M0JCaWN5cF9QWTVSYkJ2ME9FaUlVWGdaaWREVHlKSENja25YcUhBeHlEX3RkekRVV1J2b2xMSGJoN2lON1Jtd0lybGt6eVVZLUFpRkc3eVFJZURVRngybWJfRHB6YTBtaDZKSkhkTkVQeFNsNmhGY3BVRTJSUk8xRFNBSHRsU3V1Q1ktd1h4Wm5wMzJZamhZaDJQX0ZlbmZEdm9PNjlKNA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVROM0ZLVkdOU1ZraElSV0l3VFJDeEFSaWNBaWdCTWdZQklLQURtQW8=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.the-
aiff.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

AIFF

More

[Kalyan Chaubey: Hyderabad could be our next gateway for talent development as
Telangana joins AIFF’s new partnership endeavour with Indian
states](./read/CBMihwJBVV95cUxPZkhqNFZVbWc1eXVXZG84YkFXUFVMLTR5UFkwNmxXVFZuUzJtTVhWQWlsNVBjRVFNX0V5dGZua1NReFBtVWZOaFpEdmF5Yy01ZTdMa1Z2VE1vbWhpbDBMRE9rUnp0WXF4M0JCaWN5cF9QWTVSYkJ2ME9FaUlVWGdaaWREVHlKSENja25YcUhBeHlEX3RkekRVV1J2b2xMSGJoN2lON1Jtd0lybGt6eVVZLUFpRkc3eVFJZURVRngybWJfRHB6YTBtaDZKSkhkTkVQeFNsNmhGY3BVRTJSUk8xRFNBSHRsU3V1Q1ktd1h4Wm5wMzJZamhZaDJQX0ZlbmZEdm9PNjlKNA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

20 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.firstpost.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Firstpost

More

[India vs Syria, Intercontinental Cup 2024: Blue Tigers aim for trophy; match
date, time, live
streaming](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

2 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sportstar.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Sportstar

More

[Intercontinental Cup 2024: Blue Tigers hunt for first silverware under Manolo
Marquez as they face against Syria in
finale](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

17 hours ago

* * *

By Aneesh Dey

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Intercontinental Cup: India face Syria in must-win
game](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Shiva Krishna Gundra

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lIa3BPaERCRnRldmpKUzBXbU5TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPQUNIOUFxQVM4c2tzNHNmWjFFdjhzRE0yZ0FiY3ZsWWRFdGtRWFg2ZHZVVUduTVROZUtqMGYwRWdGWGszci1xS08yWk5iejN4Y2ZOdEhCQW1iSTFlUFJKbTBiaE9zek41aVRCN1VMRmlWTnlpRFJSS1QtSE9OaTU3MzItaTZXQQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNXVlbWxxVEc5dmJpMVNSazlKVFJDdEF4akxCU2dLTWdrQlVJNkdzdVkxS3dJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Mz8VYCEM-
At5cs8vqwhcE9Y-qoXP9gXGmtzvqmSJSn3dVcufF1XpCloryQDGfGjtVF97j2Qtnxs=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/V4n4wecNIzZn0c6SFh0qn6It0nbmxqqntUbHxEGcHM9a7eEcXeu3WVJkSrOk1OqImYqHmXtsSw=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://thecricketlounge.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Cricket Lounge

More

[Top 5 Fastest T20I Hundreds By Australian
Batsmen](./read/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPQUNIOUFxQVM4c2tzNHNmWjFFdjhzRE0yZ0FiY3ZsWWRFdGtRWFg2ZHZVVUduTVROZUtqMGYwRWdGWGszci1xS08yWk5iejN4Y2ZOdEhCQW1iSTFlUFJKbTBiaE9zek41aVRCN1VMRmlWTnlpRFJSS1QtSE9OaTU3MzItaTZXQQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

23 hours ago

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://sports.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Sports

More

[Australia Star Sends Warning To England, Makes Two T20I Records vs
Scotland](./read/CBMivwFBVV95cUxQWkUzTktCNzFoZHRNWmxDcEI3N3laTVpXeV9kUElXRUdaa3Q2ejlwbTh2MTItUTA5TnNBZjE5bXZ5MEE3Zm5saXBvSFZZMGpnNGg3Y1J1MHg2VTFxNHNvQzVrUGFOQ19iVUpTaWF2d0ZuVzY0V0FaR1RJbUcwVXYxaHpycmU2NXRWdkVwdFRDbWhjb01iV3hfZ2VZY3JxMnpSeWJaR1dwcUtLbUJMWFEzbTFsZDMyWEdjT0dCUTlua9IBxwFBVV95cUxPQnJyMzBVbFYtM0VONm9SNGZkSVZUTGpoaWNfLXd1WWZtT3hnR2pzeWRuSEtqTHNWN2NQVEN2UWlLUGVnUWhmVWZhU1FfSjRmN2tKb1F3YmRLVkdSMERNMEFjeDBYN25kc3RDM2xlSnh4cGc3Yi0xQzJUVFgyQW83WW04d2tGM2JFa1IxaXFxUEFTNTBKbW84dGxxbUFDM3puZTFaSFg4eWFOSUhuQnpNYzBxTm03dVhEblB3ZE1RVG9QS3F4OENj?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](./read/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxNQmZPVW5rdnNuRXBMRmZfa3lreHFrUFNIZFBTbFoyR3YzcV82WU1BWUtwY2RxSE9JWXM3cURpNDZMaW5pc1BJb1NIMG1rWU5CYndsMmFINkEzcElXMm9LVUNqd0VYYkg5ajBVaHRJUEpIOGt4d2lWS2dOQUNuQW1mb1RWdkJXSkVkWUFraGpBUFRqZzBjNXA2aUtPU1drZ1RiVi01Y3dDcHR4MkJLeUhMWGFaTWZlOHdnWGVoYWZDZzUtUnJaQXpwamJVeG9pZkRPbFFHVTZQYVU?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cricket.com.au&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

cricket.com.au

More

[Versatile Green a 'rare' weapon for England
challenge](./read/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxNQmZPVW5rdnNuRXBMRmZfa3lreHFrUFNIZFBTbFoyR3YzcV82WU1BWUtwY2RxSE9JWXM3cURpNDZMaW5pc1BJb1NIMG1rWU5CYndsMmFINkEzcElXMm9LVUNqd0VYYkg5ajBVaHRJUEpIOGt4d2lWS2dOQUNuQW1mb1RWdkJXSkVkWUFraGpBUFRqZzBjNXA2aUtPU1drZ1RiVi01Y3dDcHR4MkJLeUhMWGFaTWZlOHdnWGVoYWZDZzUtUnJaQXpwamJVeG9pZkRPbFFHVTZQYVU?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Jack Paynter

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.thehindu.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Hindu

More

[Green leads Australia to third win over Scotland and T20 series
sweep](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

15 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pJMmV1aURCRU9UX3YxdHdiQmJpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNcE91NGk5SFM4ZzJJY0VzeHNtNFVmcE15UWc4eWVhYlRsTm9IcmVuRkUwdWdMemllUWpDZk9UOEFIUWFCNllzYWVIWWs0VVR1Wm1yR2dYa1c3VHpLTTdvNEVVTDNUX1NMRlBtZDhRa0tSX19halAxYnRwOG5NUnVuTnZYbHFoWERDenVCUUNsV3p1Qm1Ndl90akgxcGZoaTVTcTdWQlZsYVFrZFY5dWRYc3VMYzA3MGlTNERlV3prdDB1OEhjRGtzUmptcUhiY18tYVgwcXFlMThkWUNadC1ibA?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNUVkMGxaWm1GemNTMWtXa1ZuVFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdZVnNZaHFVZ1E=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JufTzTMu9l6RFyXEEfl6ZPdS7xjYhoSXVmDHURyphjVSNK2zH8uWdyJKd9gg0YOYUCop4Alylis=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/L1imb9PspOXypQXjt3yPQrnXFfVcixw7dkjrigkUH53Cpc4AsiTyoxBk5FT4icBvXqYVEPNy=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Kross IPO: From price band to GMP - here are 10 things to know before subscribing to the issue | Stock Market News](./read/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxNcE91NGk5SFM4ZzJJY0VzeHNtNFVmcE15UWc4eWVhYlRsTm9IcmVuRkUwdWdMemllUWpDZk9UOEFIUWFCNllzYWVIWWs0VVR1Wm1yR2dYa1c3VHpLTTdvNEVVTDNUX1NMRlBtZDhRa0tSX19halAxYnRwOG5NUnVuTnZYbHFoWERDenVCUUNsV3p1Qm1Ndl90akgxcGZoaTVTcTdWQlZsYVFrZFY5dWRYc3VMYzA3MGlTNERlV3prdDB1OEhjRGtzUmptcUhiY18tYVgwcXFlMThkWUNadC1ibA?hl=en-IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

22 hours ago

* * *

By Vaamanaa Sethi

[](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPVGx0RzE3ZnVDQVVSYnZrZHM4NFZfTmtfMXJDUExlWVhRbFE4RVY5UW8xY3I5RDhlYzdNMUtBS0k3akNZeWUyTVJxT3U1NlR6SWNsSG12OUlaYW85Qno5eUlsV1JWY3o0TGZsOXNBa1pIQmtRY0ZmSnRFUUtlenVJUlBhQUV2SzBpN2NxdHUzS2ZjZnJJOHN3R3JJeUVtVkEwVGdUR2tRYjRrTlJmcTFIWlJ5Z2VLbjVoVkhrVmI2VzFuMlRPZ2g3NVFNaUJaMFo2?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.livemint.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Mint

More

[Kross IPO opens today: Know price band, GMP, other details; should you apply
or
not?](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPVGx0RzE3ZnVDQVVSYnZrZHM4NFZfTmtfMXJDUExlWVhRbFE4RVY5UW8xY3I5RDhlYzdNMUtBS0k3akNZeWUyTVJxT3U1NlR6SWNsSG12OUlaYW85Qno5eUlsV1JWY3o0TGZsOXNBa1pIQmtRY0ZmSnRFUUtlenVJUlBhQUV2SzBpN2NxdHUzS2ZjZnJJOHN3R3JJeUVtVkEwVGdUR2tRYjRrTlJmcTFIWlJ5Z2VLbjVoVkhrVmI2VzFuMlRPZ2g3NVFNaUJaMFo2?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Vaamanaa Sethi

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.news18.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

News18

More

[Kross IPO Opens Today: Should You Apply? Check Subscription Status, GMP,
Review](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 minutes ago

* * *

By Mohammad Haris

[](./read/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOa1ZKRFYzal8zUHl0SHcwN1pkWE5CSjBxQTJtZjBXbEVZQ3V5NzNYRE5RajYtMm80cmc3NDNUOTJNY2ZYbFF2cTk3VjBUNUpHWEQ3RGZZcVN4M3ZmOHpuem11Ri1zazBfMzVhOXBkUjBkdUFrT2M0aW8xd3ROTURuU3RaYlZQSW9YSXdpVE03UXpqNTVXVFUxZVZJcmNLalI3UXM1TjFaNzNzdXhWZE5V0gG0AUFVX3lxTFBaX2UyV3M1QTdPMDZkLWtoOWM5bEs2bWZKZkxxYUVLQ25zY0htRC1hVUp3SGIwT2tSdnVzMlhJanlWNDFCUmQybUJKTTJYM0lza3hzQXFmUjBHV2swVmJhQjFsWC1hR0lsUk1YWGVUQzI5LWdyU1prU19NSXNOZk5OT2hKTEdTWWhyQmx6RHBCMC1DZzJpMGRyOHI0OVpXUk1xSzZEMloxLXl6SXEtTWt5aGM3Qw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneycontrol.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Moneycontrol

More

[Kross IPO: Should you forge ties with this
company?](./read/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOa1ZKRFYzal8zUHl0SHcwN1pkWE5CSjBxQTJtZjBXbEVZQ3V5NzNYRE5RajYtMm80cmc3NDNUOTJNY2ZYbFF2cTk3VjBUNUpHWEQ3RGZZcVN4M3ZmOHpuem11Ri1zazBfMzVhOXBkUjBkdUFrT2M0aW8xd3ROTURuU3RaYlZQSW9YSXdpVE03UXpqNTVXVFUxZVZJcmNLalI3UXM1TjFaNzNzdXhWZE5V0gG0AUFVX3lxTFBaX2UyV3M1QTdPMDZkLWtoOWM5bEs2bWZKZkxxYUVLQ25zY0htRC1hVUp3SGIwT2tSdnVzMlhJanlWNDFCUmQybUJKTTJYM0lza3hzQXFmUjBHV2swVmJhQjFsWC1hR0lsUk1YWGVUQzI5LWdyU1prU19NSXNOZk5OT2hKTEdTWWhyQmx6RHBCMC1DZzJpMGRyOHI0OVpXUk1xSzZEMloxLXl6SXEtTWt5aGM3Qw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

3 hours ago

* * *

By Neha Gupta

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2pUbllxakRCR2RLX295VHZtZUVpZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iK0NnNVFVRkpUYWxWTk5sQndhMU15VFJDZkF4ampCU2dLTWdhUkFZNjJsQW8=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/d9mz-OKghOQPsgxRv1BQzQAI44ifiA_6aAk-
gRwo4_32mZXM-
TSd5vIY1rL1P2LUH9mFQPnUSRE=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QSJjdkeHYqrV9s_y22SwljN2oLRo-3q5GgHsIB2mmhbACOOLY5sycHAr2ksZ1CRa5jJ4gCcF=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[After overtaking Sachin Tendulkar, Musheer Khan sets fielding standards, gets
brother Sarfaraz's love.
Wa](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[](./read/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOTWRid0pBVVZvc1RXd0ZHOGVEVFNLcjE0OWtVMlpqX2FkQnJtTm9CMVNRTmExY2RtQm5JSFVhLTQ5bnhQaWFhR0dkS1YxX09ncTVaMDFuTmp1MHFqRHVNS3BvelJfbEd2b0pzVmZzNnRuRF9ZSnNSWHREWDBIOFViTFBCVnl2Rzk5U3NnNTRXQ2VUcU8tNDVyclZJMDMtbEx4azE3cHRKdWhfTjh5bXhNYzZCUHNzZmltRUxrWFZHbDFfOEN1ZWNQcTRkaw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.espncricinfo.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

ESPNcricinfo

More

[Duleep Trophy takeaways: Musheer Khan shines and Akash Deep stakes serious
claim](./read/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOTWRid0pBVVZvc1RXd0ZHOGVEVFNLcjE0OWtVMlpqX2FkQnJtTm9CMVNRTmExY2RtQm5JSFVhLTQ5bnhQaWFhR0dkS1YxX09ncTVaMDFuTmp1MHFqRHVNS3BvelJfbEd2b0pzVmZzNnRuRF9ZSnNSWHREWDBIOFViTFBCVnl2Rzk5U3NnNTRXQ2VUcU8tNDVyclZJMDMtbEx4azE3cHRKdWhfTjh5bXhNYzZCUHNzZmltRUxrWFZHbDFfOEN1ZWNQcTRkaw?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

Yesterday

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

The Times of India

More

[Duleep Trophy: Musheer Khan, pacers steer India 'B' to
victory](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

* * *

By Manuja Veerappa

[](./read/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQeHJzS0xzdE5UVGk5UnNVQW5PNktTM3hid1VCdnQybE9aUzYyLVZKYXpTTU90Q1NLY3cxWkcydndrVThaWnlaaUZMQS1wa2tJREFtUnNxanZBd2RFZW1WSVdEMzVPRVQ5cDI5UUpORk9ubVV4MHRsLXVHaC1kVjlJRUx3RTVlT0dSMkRJ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deccanherald.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Deccan Herald

More

[India B pacers run India A
riot](./read/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQeHJzS0xzdE5UVGk5UnNVQW5PNktTM3hid1VCdnQybE9aUzYyLVZKYXpTTU90Q1NLY3cxWkcydndrVThaWnlaaUZMQS1wa2tJREFtUnNxanZBd2RFZW1WSVdEMzVPRVQ5cDI5UUpORk9ubVV4MHRsLXVHaC1kVjlJRUx3RTVlT0dSMkRJ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

13 hours ago

* * *

By Roshan Thyagarajan

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lrNXZXa0RCSDBHTmRDemNUaUh5Z0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

* * *

[](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxPLUpyZ3RnMWNVakx1SkpIVVZNNGNDTDV5clNzV2xZVWg5V0hqbHlTQ3BoRUM0MUwzSHpGa2pRelFteTlHRXk4bEFMYU9iX2ZqMjdOaXc3QXkxMjJGTGl1bk9vVUJFUHhCMENWbXppZWxYa0FyWENjRGNiTDVEMnNJSE5EeUdheGxOci1YU1JSUDNoNEhZbXlxdHh3VTg0UW05N3ByN2NybjBiX041MWhBRTNReThiNWNOdVVCNWVCdUJHS2FZTmdtMU5B?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](/api/attachments/CC8iL0NnNW1SbmsyVEZOc1p6VXpSVXBaVFJDekFoaWhCQ2dLTWdrQlU1UmtxcWRjYVFJ=-w280-h168-p-df-
rw)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/26dKL1cYscUnYKjBK3a5RBitdqpPRw2FSD0NkNTWo_6imVkdZnwdQs-a7s3cYr1gZPS3o5imyvw=s0-h12-rw)![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Q7-OcWeQs-
lnXbgGf2emORhmRTBu9ZnF3644uYL9jn1uPNgx3_-eGcxOuqTMU1ttQd43sFndGg=s0-h12-rw)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Movies

More

[Vedang Raina Gives Voice To Jigra Song Phoolo Ka Taaron: "Unforgettable
Experience"](./read/CBMiygFBVV95cUxPLUpyZ3RnMWNVakx1SkpIVVZNNGNDTDV5clNzV2xZVWg5V0hqbHlTQ3BoRUM0MUwzSHpGa2pRelFteTlHRXk4bEFMYU9iX2ZqMjdOaXc3QXkxMjJGTGl1bk9vVUJFUHhCMENWbXppZWxYa0FyWENjRGNiTDVEMnNJSE5EeUdheGxOci1YU1JSUDNoNEhZbXlxdHh3VTg0UW05N3ByN2NybjBiX041MWhBRTNReThiNWNOdVVCNWVCdUJHS2FZTmdtMU5B?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

18 hours ago

[](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPcGptQnNTZzVRYU9BdzAwOHc0cWZoZ3RNd1JoTlJDaWFQS25LY09YeXkzd0dvR3dXc1ZBWEdXd1JaaGxER0xBV3p5R2Z5NnFsRjNnZ1JxdkVfanJ1WmhNdWFVRFA0YjB0X1RfdUpiRjhYOU1tNzJYYkhBSjZYRnNEWTloa2RyeElEdUM2S0pySlJYa0xaQkVqNDhUQzFuTWtKNUNfajQxckpJeGdkME1WeWZQUHp5M041cTVRZnRobXZNenNYLVNmc1dQWkt1ZUNv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ndtv.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

NDTV Movies

More

[Explained: Why Alia Bhatt's Jigra Director Apologised To Shraddha Kapoor's
Fans: "Bhool Chuk
Maaf"](./read/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxPcGptQnNTZzVRYU9BdzAwOHc0cWZoZ3RNd1JoTlJDaWFQS25LY09YeXkzd0dvR3dXc1ZBWEdXd1JaaGxER0xBV3p5R2Z5NnFsRjNnZ1JxdkVfanJ1WmhNdWFVRFA0YjB0X1RfdUpiRjhYOU1tNzJYYkhBSjZYRnNEWTloa2RyeElEdUM2S0pySlJYa0xaQkVqNDhUQzFuTWtKNUNfajQxckpJeGdkME1WeWZQUHp5M041cTVRZnRobXZNenNYLVNmc1dQWkt1ZUNv?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

4 hours ago

* * *

By Madhumanti Pait Chowdhury

[](./read/CBMi-
gFBVV95cUxQelM4VHE5dlQ0ZF9yY2tCaktaUG0zYnJxWW1GWXJFeERMTVJBMEZ4MEYxZ1FMTkZSdC1uNWRFUTFvemhwZnhvelJWaU1KTXhVbVhzeG9WMDhWMDBxTW52TzR1NEQya0RHLWkzSUpHRjlMNEZ1RDZSak9DWHl2UEV3TTRLcnhPazNjeHppVTEyU2NLMldJdlZFdzQ3UUVUMDhNT0pOVG1XZi1iWXBZS3dEQnJVamRORFd2bUp3NFpLbmhZUnJOOEl5UkRrNTFNRVJ1RHczQndIZlhLclJ6SE10OXJHZGlyNG1UOTYyZVdpa0o2REZRX0JDU1dR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hindustantimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

Hindustan Times

More

[Alia Bhatt and Shraddha Kapoor exchange love amid fan wars on social media:
All about the Stree-Jigra clash](./read/CBMi-
gFBVV95cUxQelM4VHE5dlQ0ZF9yY2tCaktaUG0zYnJxWW1GWXJFeERMTVJBMEZ4MEYxZ1FMTkZSdC1uNWRFUTFvemhwZnhvelJWaU1KTXhVbVhzeG9WMDhWMDBxTW52TzR1NEQya0RHLWkzSUpHRjlMNEZ1RDZSak9DWHl2UEV3TTRLcnhPazNjeHppVTEyU2NLMldJdlZFdzQ3UUVUMDhNT0pOVG1XZi1iWXBZS3dEQnJVamRORFd2bUp3NFpLbmhZUnJOOEl5UkRrNTFNRVJ1RHczQndIZlhLclJ6SE10OXJHZGlyNG1UOTYyZVdpa0o2REZRX0JDU1dR?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

45 minutes ago

* * *

By Soumya Srivastava

[](.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?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://encrypted-
tbn2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com&client=NEWS_360&size=96&type=FAVICON&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL)

TOI Etimes

More

[As Shraddha Kapoor praises ‘Jigra’ teaser, director Vasan Bala apologizes for
‘Stree 2’ shoutout
miss](./read/CBMingJBVV95cUxPZlo0aVNwT0dGM1VTdEROZkxvTXQ4RnRqUjhjZ1VhSjhtZ18zbUg3Q0dEblZmdzNERFRxaVFVUTY3MGFDVlM4V1h3ZzVvWlR0NHlHdkJsZ3JZRThqaVVBZ3kxNTR5U0lLNTk3T2ZtbFpKM3dldHNJT00wcFZabjVyVDhZQW1LcTA3SFl3Q1VNSU1WS0dCdERnNzRVakE1aXp2Y2U3X3ZaYjZCZS1ldmJEaE4tUGJuU2hZc2ZhSnJaU2ZpZmR6TVlHd1NnQ05PbzZtd0VnSlRXMUl2QWFXcjMzeHNIamhyazJYZzZTbC1WUE00Mjh5Ri1UOVFFcnF2SW95N2dUZjVJUnk0YUhnNVRscGdxV1RPUHVudHdpQWx30gGjAkFVX3lxTE4tWFZjOUg3enlPTDhJTnprZXlvUTIxcXY0TGxQblJLemg0cVdrbm5fU0c5dU1aWW9XMDZSUGVuS1J2d1ZVYXd0TTBsQUNUUm40eG50eFZQYjdhdDNfX1d0UmRmS0d0anFrUUJzWDFJb3hwSEJQeVVNSHVHNGd1aE9qQXdoVWJfOWRCRXRjVzlPQUJ2MWQxZ3NGSzl6c0dzdDF2YWJMUG80d3dFWXdrUS1OUDN0TXdTeFkyaU9fdW4zYlpvM2p6THdwWWpPLV93emtKZUNrMDNZcVFLQ25Kd3NVZTJ0TV9tWEhQd0pTSlhfSE9ob043NlY4TzcwdXduZmxRSW5wQWxNaTJqOV9sbEMxblhkRTg5Ym94Mk5mbDhZUnZNVQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

5 hours ago

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/JDFOyo903E9WGstK0YhI2ZFOKR3h4qDxBngX5M8XJVBZFKzOBoxLmk3OVlgNw9SOE-
HfkNgb=s0-w40-rw)Full
coverage](./stories/CAAqNggKIjBDQklTSGpvSmMzUnZjbmt0TXpZd1NoRUtEd2lva3FxZ0RCSHFoX2lseUY1Zm5TZ0FQAQ?hl=en-
IN&gl=IN&ceid=IN%3Aen)

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/zpUAWPoFO8BgmXeHZna-q2AFE1ss9PWr2E16kntkjD5pyjVWfWEhzza9qBxRpMypBCYTnINVLw=s0-w288-rw)

There are no items to show.

Search

Clear search

Close search

Main menu

Google apps

